About
=====

Kicked Around<br /> Version 1.0.1<br /> By Carmine Slate<br /> Published
on 2017-12-24<br /> Published by BookRix<br /> For more information
about the book, visit: <https://kicked-around.blogspot.com><br />
<br /><br /> <strong>Cover</strong><br /> Cover Image by Carmine
Slate<br /> Cover Image Sources:<br /> -
1:<https://unsplash.com/photos/RnCPiXixooY> by Efe Kurnaz<br /> -
2:<https://pixabay.com/en/girl-dance-personal-disco-114441> by Gerd
Altmann<br /> <br /> <strong>Copyright:</strong><br /> Please read the
legal notice included in this e-book and/or check the copyright status
in your country.<br /> <br /> <strong>Contact:</strong><br />
kicked(dot)around(dot)book(at)gmail(dot)com.<br /> <br />
<strong>Disclaimer</strong><br /> This book is a work of fiction. Names,
characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the
products of the authorâ€™s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any
resemblance to any person living or deceased or actual events is
coincidental.<br/> <br /> <strong>Warning</strong><br /> This book is
intended for an Adult Audience, with an open mind. If you are under the
age of 18 or if you are offended by Erotica, I suggest that you stop
reading this book. As an alternative, I recommend "Alice's Adventures in
Wonderland" by Lewis Carroll:
<https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/11><br /> <br/>
