Chapter 1
=========

<br />
<blockquote>
<table>
<tr>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00101011
</td>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00111101
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
00110011
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</blockquote>
<br />

*I never dream.*

*My dreams are nightmares.*

*When I dream, I’m always fighting.*

*I’m always dying.*

*Not anymore,*

*Not today.*

*I am winning.*

*No more nightmares.*

*Goodbye darkness, my old friend.*

<br /> <br />

"Today is going to be the start of a new beginning."

It was very early in the morning on a Sunday and emotions were mixed.
Erik had just awoken from a short night’s sleep, and now he was filled
with excitement for his new power.

"**I’m awake because of you.**" 4:05 AM. Press return. Results: It
fucking worked..."

Erik was reviewing the log file for a script that he wrote just hours
ago. The script completed and had successfully pulled all of the grades
for every graduating class since the system had been implemented along
with the final grades for the semester for any current student. Erik
scanned through several of the grades, just to see how his fellow
students fared in their final semesters.

Erik had been at it since 10 PM last night when he made his initial
discovery.

This particular episode started while watching an old sci-fi classic.
Erik was in his bedroom, drowsily watching as the main character was
given a choice. That choice was leading the character into a brave new
world where he was forced to question everything, including what was
real and what was a dream. Just at the character was waking up in the
real world, Erik’s phone sounded with an alert of a new email from
Erik’s High School, containing his final grades for the year. Erik
turned off the TV and clicked the link for his grades. The action took
Erik down a rabbit hole of discovery for the rest of the night.

The email that Erik received was from "Streamer High Staff" and had the
subject "Semester Final Grades" along with a canned message in the body.
In the body of the email, there was a web link that contained Erik’s
grades for the semester. This was typical. Erik would receive a similar
email from the school at the end of each semester that Erik could use to
find out his grades. The web link sent to him had a name-value pair
alphanumeric parameter (letters and numbers) at the end of it. The value
was 32 characters in length. "Looks like a hash value," Erik thought
when he was reviewing his grades in the browser.

A cryptographic hash is a "one-way" algorithm. It’s used in modern
computing as a means to store passwords securely. The concept around a
"hash" is you can hash a value, but you are not supposed to be able
"un-hash" the hash. This way, passwords can be stored on a system
without anyone being able to read them easily.

Erik decided to view the link in a full desktop browser, so he opened
his laptop. The screen turned on to the state it was in before Erik last
closed the lid to his laptop. There was a web browser window opened to
the "Guns A-Blazing" message board on a thread with the title "Team Onyx
wins Annual Vegas Open!". Erik opened a new browser tab and navigated to
the link in his email. Curious, he opened up another new browser window
and researched weaknesses in cryptographic hashes. A very popular
algorithm known as "MD5" was used widely amongst developers for many
years and was now susceptible to a "brute force attack." An attacker
would use what is called a "rainbow table" to check this hash against a
database of hashes to find a match. The database would contain both the
"plaintext" value (the "pre-hashed" value) and the hashed value. This
comparison allowed Erik to find out that the plaintext of this MD5 hash
value was "Thisisabigpassword123!655321."

"Wow," Erik thought. "That number at the end looks familiar." Erik
reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet. Erik found his
student ID and looked at his student ID number on the card: 655321.
"That’s interesting," he thought with a smile creeping onto his face.

The value "Thisisabigpassword123!" appeared to be a "salt," a means of
adding randomness when hashing a value. However, this salt didn’t appear
to be random at all. "I wonder if that’s the same salt that they are
using for everyone," he thought.

"Let’s try this," Erik said as he incremented his student ID number by
1, making it 655322. Then, Erik hashed the new ID number with part of
the string value he found: "Thisisabigpassword123!655322."

Erik took the resulting MD5 hash value and replaced the hash value in
the URL with this new hash value. Erik opened a web browser and sent the
request. The response was a web page with the grades for "Jeffery
Mertons." Jeffery was in Erik’s grade. Erik didn’t know him personally,
but he recognized the name because it was the next student that was
shown after Erik in the class yearbook every year. Erik’s smile got
wider.

With this knowledge, Erik was even more curious, so he wrote a shell
script that submitted requests to the URL with a new ID starting at 1
and ending at 1 million. The ID would be appended to the same salted
value he found and then hashed using the MD5 algorithm. The script made
a GET request to the web server and responded with the final grades of
the corresponding student for the current semester. The script saved the
grades to an HTML file (a web page file) with the ID appended and the
name in the title tag of the page, which was conveniently labeled with
the name of the student. The file looked like this "ID - Name.html."
When opening these files, they would open in any browser to view.

Erik starts up his script. "This is probably going to take a while," he
thought. Erik looked at the time; it was midnight. Erik was exhausted,
so he jumped in his bed and fell asleep. He woke up around 4 AM and
quickly went to the laptop to view the results.

Reviewing the logs, Erik noticed that there were several blank records
mostly from form ID 1 to 100000. For those records, there were no
grades. "The programmer probably started the IDs at 100000," Erik
thought. This is common in web applications, because if you see an ID
start with number 1, people may try what Erik just did. "Security
through obscurity," Erik thought. "Hey, I guess it worked for ten
years." Until today.

Erik clicked through several of the grades. Then, he started doing
searches by name to see what some individual students grades were. This
continued for about 2 hours, checking the grades of several students who
he knew to be braggers of their academic accomplishments. Strangely, he
found that some weren't the straight-A students that they postured
themselves to be in front of the rest of the students. In turn, he also
looked at grades of some students that had bad reputations. Most of
these students had grades that matched their poor image at the school.
But surprisingly, he found students that were "known" for their
non-school extra-curricular activities that were far from academic, yet
these students had better grades than some of the students that "acted
like they were smart."

Eventually, Erik became bored and tried something else. Erik removed the
name-value pair of the URL and submitted a new request in the web
browser. The response showed a login page. "I wonder," Erik thought.

Erik entered "admin" in the username field, and the salt he found in the
password field "Thisisabigpassword123!". The site responded with "Login
success" along with a search page for every student who ever went to
Streamer High.

"Hole. ly. shit...," Erik said slowly under his breath. Erik just hacked
into the server that stored all the grades. He clicked the first name
for "Aaron Adams." There were Aaron’s final grades, with the ability to
edit them.

The site had everything: all grades, personal information, address
information, phone numbers, parent contacts, emergency contacts,
disciplinary action, everything. It was the school’s database for
storing all the permanent records of all the students that had ever
attended Streamer High School.

Erik navigated to his own page on the website. In the form, there was a
button to "Reset Student Grade Link." Erik assumed this was to change
the URL of the record's external grade link. Erik continued searching
the site for other actions that were available. In the "Users" section,
Erik found that he could reset passwords for all the users in the
application. All of the administrative staff and teachers each had their
own logins, including the principal. Erik could change the principal’s
access to the site to a regular teacher if he wanted to. The power Erik
felt was amazing. Thinking about how Erik was going to wield this new
weapon, his mind floods with anger and hatred towards one individual.
Jacob.

The bad blood caused by years of conflict was now coursing through Erik.
Erik searches for Jacob Schmidt. "Oh Jacob, it’s too bad you failed
shop," Erik laughs to himself. Erik threw caution to the wind as he
updates Jacob’s grade to an "F" for Industrial Arts. Erik didn’t
consider the consequences. In this moment, he felt vengeful and
righteous. "Poor Jacob. The fucking idiot couldn’t make a lamp. Maybe,
just maybe, you’ll stop fucking with people," Erik says to himself.

In Erik’s mind, Jacob was a total asshole. He was on the Streamer High
School Varsity Football team. Jacob was twice the size of an average
Streamer High Student and he loved to use his size to his advantage,
bullying those smaller than him. Jacob was built like a brick shithouse
with a personality that matched the contents of the structure. Jacob had
tormented Erik since Junior High. Jacob's harassment became worse over
time. In Erik's Sophomore year of High School, the bullying was so
severe that Erik ditched a class he had with Jacob for the entire year
just to stay away from Jacob. The school called Erik and his mom in for
a conference, trying to determine why Erik’s straight-A record had this
blemish. Erik didn’t dare say who he had a problem with, but Erik did
admit that he had issues with a student in the class and it was
affecting him personally. In the end, the school agreed to overwrite the
grade if Erik took the class over summer school, which he did. The
school updated the grade, and the F was changed to a B.

And then, there was senior prom. It was just weeks ago, but Erik was
doing all he could to try and forget it. Up until that point, he had
never been part of something so traumatic. What Jacob did was
unforgivable in Erik’s mind. He crossed a line that couldn’t be
overlooked. Erik couldn’t wait for the opportunity to exact revenge in a
manner that would cause both shame and embarrassment, the way that Erik
felt on a day that should have been a happy memory. Erik blocked out the
recalling memory, as he focused on his actions here and now.

Erik continues to reflect on the change in grade. What if Jacob was
really held back a grade? Then he would continue to torment others that
are now even smaller than Jacob, given that Jacob will be a year older
and even bigger than the new incoming students at Streamer High. The
more things change, the more they stay the same. No, Jacob’s parents
will force him to take summer school so that he can graduate and move on
to the next stage of his life. Or, maybe, Jacob will have to take over
Erik’s old job and flip burgers for the rest of his life while people
from school point and laugh at him.

"No," Erik thinks. "He’ll take this up with the teacher, who will tell
the principal, and the principal will review the submitted grades and
see that someone used the admin account to update Jacob’s grade. And
then, what will they do? Who the fuck cares? I’ll be long gone by then."

This action was rather brazen of Erik. Erik was very reserved in High
school. He was mostly a straight A student with the occasional B, but he
had only one lasting blemish on his record for getting a C in Gym.
"Fucking Soban," Erik would say to himself whenever he thought about his
gym teacher. "I did the fucking pull-up. Does it really matter that I
can only do 1?"

Erik never was in any serious trouble, and always made sure not to cross
any line that could cause him any issues in the future. In fact, Erik
was bullied for a significant portion of his life. He had always been
scrawnier and weaker than the other kids, and he didn’t have the sharp
wit that is gifted to most teenagers in High School. But on this
morning, something snapped in Erik.

Erik scanned the room. The room looked empty now that all his stuff was
packed into a few boxes in another room of the house. His cap and gown
were hung up neatly in the closet. "Only 4 hours until graduation," Erik
thought. "And then, I’m outta here."

Erik’s hard work throughout High School had paid off. Erik applied and
was accepted to the college that he wanted to attend, majoring in
Computer Science. He was an aspiring video game developer with a dream
of making the next blockbuster. This was Erik’s dream, and it was this
dream that helped him through some rough times in High School. Today
will be the last day that he will ever need to walk through the doors at
Streamer High. After today, Erik will be at The U, starting college
early with summer school classes. The timing couldn’t be better.
Graduate on Sunday, start school the following Monday.

But, on this morning (The Day of Graduation), when his mind should be
focused on the future, instead he was obsessed with the past. He was on
his own personal high, and it had nothing to do with his planned
destiny. Erik imagines Jacob’s name being called over the loudspeaker,
just before the ceremony begins. The principal would tell Jacob that he
failed a required course for graduation. Jacob would become enraged upon
learning that he couldn’t graduate. Jacob would punch the principal. Mr.
Soban would try to wrestle Jacob to the ground but would go down himself
after Jacob’s elbow met his face. Jacob would continue to cause a
chaotic scene as the security guards rushed him. It would finally end
when the guards roughly "escort" Jacob from the building.

Erik smiled at the thought of being on the other end of the bullying.
Erik’s dreams began to escape him as more realistic thoughts poked into
his head. No one will even check the grades, as this had probably been
done a week in advance. Jacob would walk across the stage and collect
his diploma, the same as all the other graduates in the building. And,
down the road, if the changed grade is discovered, it will be changed
back to the correct grade.

Or, maybe, someone will look into the error. They will see the system
admin changed the grade on the morning of the graduation and start to
investigate. Tampering with academic records is probably a serious
offense. And Erik is no longer a minor; he turned 18 just before high
school ended. "What if they decided to prosecute?" Erik thought. "Are
school grades considered government property? Did I just tamper with
government records?"

The computer systems at Streamer High haven’t caught up with the state
standards yet. Erik lived in a small town, with a small budget, and an
even smaller pool of talent as far as technology was concerned. The
computer system the school had in place was at least ten years old, and
it didn’t follow modern security standards at all.

Erik’s daydreams were turning into nightmares. Paranoia took ahold and
distorted his reality. Visions of long, drawn-out court proceedings that
pulled Erik out of college began to flood his imagination. He didn’t
hide his tracks at all. Erik just played with the web link in the email
he received about his final grades. Once he logged in as the admin, he
only viewed his personal grades link and Jacob's. These were heavy
thoughts for Erik early on a Sunday morning with only a few short hours
of sleep. The anxiety of his actions was setting in.

As Erik’s mind raced about what could happen to him if he were caught,
he decided to change Jacob’s grade back. Afterward, Erik logged off of
the site. Erik’s anxiety took hold, and he didn’t know what he should do
next. "Should I wipe the laptop in case they try to confiscate it?" Erik
thought. "What the fuck do I do?? Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit..."

Erik’s anxiety level continued to ratchet up. He couldn’t get a hold of
himself. His mind raced for about an hour, and Erik’s only thoughts were
of doom and gloom. It was about 8 AM now, he was very low on sleep, and
he hadn’t eaten yet. Erik felt horrible, and he couldn’t get a handle on
what to do. "Fuck, I just need to relax," he kept thinking. "Yeah, I
just need to calm down, everything is going to be OK."

Erik knew exactly what he needed. He craved his own perfect drug. Erik
needed it, right here, right now. His own debilitating anxiety allowed
this to occur and he convinced himself that this one feeling, the only
feeling that mattered, was his only way out. This held the power to
influence everything. This was his high, this was the exit, and it
controlled him.

"I am Jack's constant urge to masturbate."

Erik opened a web browser and navigated to his favorite porn site. The
red glare of the website’s banner reflected over Erik’s eyes. His
zombie-like look reflected his narrow, one-sighted feelings of release.
He knew exactly what he was looking for and he wasn’t going to stop
until he got it. He searched for "Asian reverse cowgirl anal." The first
result was the clip he had been focused on.

Erik unzipped his pants and pulled them down with his boxers. He started
in. He watched the Asian porn star as she bounced up and down while
moaning seductively. She was completely naked except for her white socks
and shoes. Erik had watched this clip several times. It was his
favorite, and it was the one that always made him cum the fastest.

Erik was transported to his favorite place. In this fantasy, he was
laying on the bed while the beautiful Asian woman bounced on top of him.
Erik was holding both of her ass cheeks as he watched her sexy tight
asshole fuck his cock. She was breathing deeply and screaming in
delight.

Within 2 minutes start to finish, it was all over. Erik hadn’t
masturbated since the day prior. Usually, he averaged 2-3 times per day
(depending on if he had anything else to do that day). The number of
times would increase on weekends. Since this was his first time of the
day, there was a build up. And now, that build up was all over his hand
and thighs. Erik released one last deep sigh as his orgasm had subsided.

Just then, there was a quick knock at the door, and a split second later
the door opened. In came Erik's mom. "Oh good you’re already up and
dressed," she said. She walked in and dropped off clean, folded clothes
on Erik's bed. "We have a long day today. First, we need to pack up the
car." She continued talking as she was opening the shades. "Then, we
need to go pick up your flower boutonniere on the way to Grandma and
Grandpa's house. Grandpa isn't feeling well this morning, so he doesn't
want to drive, so we'll have to pick them up and head to the ceremony."
She continued talking as she reached into his closet for more dirty
clothes. "Then, if Grandpa is feeling better, we'll go out for an
earlier dinner after the ceremony."

Erik was frozen, like a Deer in headlights. The blue sky was crisp and
reflected through the window over Erik’s eyes. He was still holding
himself with his right hand and covered himself slightly with his shirt
in the other hand. He inched himself closer to the desk and leaned into
his laptop slightly to provide more cover. His pants and boxers were
still around his ankles, and his legs were exposed. In what amounted to
microseconds, his bliss turned into sheer panic and dread, once again,
as he waited for his mom to exit his room.

Erik's mom was just about to leave the room and then stopped. Erik's
heart was pounding as his face went white in terror. "You OK honey?" she
asked. An awkward silence filled the room as Erik mustered the courage
to speak. "Yeah mom, I'm fine," Erik said quickly. Erik's mom sighed and
walked further into the room. She moved slowly over to the edge of the
bed and sat down.

Erik's mom calmly looked outside and then closed her eyes. She took a
deep breath and then said, "Look, we need to talk." Erik still was
frozen, eyes getting wider stared blankly back at his mother. His mind
was racing about what her next words were going to be. But he just
wanted her to exit this room right now without saying another word.

"I know things haven't been easy," she started. "And I know you've found
your own way... Of coping... with everything. I... I'm just.... I'm
really going to miss you, Erik."

Erik's nerves were shattering as his mother continued to talk. Every
word she said was like a million hot needles stabbing him in the stomach
repeatedly. The cum was liquefying, dripping down Erik’s hand, making
him even more conscious of the fact that his mother was having a
heart-to-heart talk with him while he held his dick in his hand, full of
cum, under his desk. "This is a fucking nightmare," he thought. Erik
continued to stare at his mother with a pleading look. His only response
was: "OK." Erik's mom looked at him troubled. "Erik, I know I haven't
been the best mother. I know I haven't always been there, but I'm
really, really going to miss you. It's going to be hard not to see you
every day. In my eyes, you’re still my baby boy."

Erik realized that he needed to say something, or she would continue to
pour her heart out to him while he sat there with a wet hand. "Mom,"
Erik said. "Can you give me a minute? I need to take a shower and get
ready."

Erik's mom looked hurt. "Erik, I just... I'm having a hard time letting
you go," she continued. "I just... I really just want you to know how
much I love you, and that I'm so proud of you and I just want the best
for you." She smiled at him hoping for a better response from her son
who continued to be frozen and staring at her.

Erik was now sweating. He had no idea how to get out of this situation.
He tried giving her the cold shoulder, he tried being polite, but she
persisted. "Mom, I really need to get ready," he responded.

Erik's mom looked down, feeling defeated. "OK," she said. "I guess, I'll
just...," she paused. She noticed that there was a small pile of clothes
at Erik's feet. She looked further up and realized that he was hunched
over, completely hugging the desk. Then, she looked at the laptop and
saw a popup screen for a "Camgirl" website, featuring "Live nude women."

Erik's mom was now frozen, not sure what it was she is seeing. "Erik?"
she started. "Are you...," she realized what she was about to say and
stopped herself. She could see that Erik was not wearing anything below
the waist. Her eyes widened. "Oh my god!" she screamed out. She stood up
and darted for the door. She walked through the entryway and then
stopped.

She turned back through the door with her face toward Erik’s desk. "I'm
sorry, I didn't mean to..," she was cut off at the sight of her son
standing, with no pants on, his wet hand reaching for the door but
touching her shoulder instead. The dampness quickly seeped through the
shirt leaving a damp stain. They both looked at each other, eyes wide.
They stood there for a second, either one not sure what to do next.

Erik's mom backed up out through the door and said, "I'll let you get
ready." She glanced at Erik’s hand touching her shoulder. "And I'm going
to change." She moved backward, with a handprint on her shirt and then
closed the door behind her. Erik stood there, blank-faced...

"What the fuck just happened?" he thought. "What the fuck..."

Today. Today is going to be the start... of a new beginning... This
can't be real... This must be a dream... Shit like this just can’t
happen. Or can it?
