Chapter 2
=========

<br />

The car was driving down the highway as the daylight was coming to an
end. Erik’s mom was driving, and Erik was in the front passenger seat,
still in shock from the events of the morning. The low hum of the motor
was the only sound that broke the silence inside of the car. No one said
a word.

Erik’s little sister, Hannah, was in the backseat texting on her phone.
She finished her text and then switched off her phone, now realizing
that there was an awkward silence in the car. The silence was making her
uncomfortable. Hannah leaned forward between the driver’s seat and front
passenger’s seat. Hannah stared at her mother in the driver’s seat for a
moment. Erik’s mom was looking straight ahead with a look of anxious
terror. After a few seconds, Hannah slowly turns her head to look at
Erik. Erik stared forward with a look of shock and amazement as if he
saw a ghost. After another few moments, Hannah does the same as the
other occupants and stares straight ahead out through the windshield
with a confused, tense look. "This is fun," Hannah says slowly. "Can we
at least turn the radio on?"

Erik and his mom both reach toward the radio at the same time. Erik’s
mom’s hand makes contact with the dial first, followed by Erik’s sweaty,
clammy hand that touches his mother’s hand. The two turn their heads
toward each other with a nervous look; both of them quickly recall the
events from the morning in a flash, as if they just relived them
together once more 12 hours after they occurred. The warm gooey feeling
on her shoulder was still crawling underneath Erik’s mom’s skin since
their morning incident. The simple touch sparked the memory once more as
they both panic and re-curl their hands quickly toward themselves.

Hannah sees that they both attempted to turn on the radio and then
stopped. She waits a moment. Then, Hannah gets annoyed. "Well?" Hannah
asks, talking louder. "Can someone please turn on..."

"NO," Erik and Erik’s mom yell in unison. Hannah froze. She was not sure
what to make of the loud, abrupt response from her family in the front
seat. Her eyes darted left to study her mom and then right to glance at
Erik. After a moment, Hannah joined her family once more, looking
straight out through the windshield, with a look of shock. The car
continued down the highway with its passengers silently looking forward,
hoping for the journey to come to an end.

An hour later, the car arrived at the destination and pulled up in front
of the dorm. "I’ll go get the key," Erik says jumping out of the car
just as Erik’s mom was putting the car into park. Erik nearly jumped out
while the car was still in motion. He couldn’t wait to exit the silent
torture that he had endured all day long, culminating with a 2-hour
drive to college with his mother and sister. These last 2 hours ranked
very high on Erik’s list of the most uncomfortable times of Erik’s life.

Erik walked into the front lobby area of the dorm. To the left was the
front desk for registration and to the right was typical lobby furniture
with sofas, loveseats and nice cushioned chairs. In one of the chairs,
there was a college student with a very baggy green hoodie, typing on
his laptop. Next to him, there was a freestanding antenna that stood 4
feet tall from the ground. Erik stared at him for a second thinking to
himself, "There’s people here that are even nerdier than me. Finally."
The young man had an electronic cigarette that he was taking puffs from
randomly.

Erik went to the front desk and gave the girl his name and student
identification card, which he received a week earlier when Erik and his
mom attended the "Day on Campus" event. The event was to introduce all
incoming freshman to the campus, the dorms, and to create the necessary
accounts for them to access the student resources.

The girl at the desk informed Erik that he would be on the 8th floor of
the dorm. "You’re going to have most of the floor to yourself," she
said. "There are only two other guys on the 8th floor, so it’s going to
be mostly empty for the summer. Go back through those doors on the left
and take the elevator up to the 8th floor. The elevator will bring you
to the middle of the hallway on the floor. Follow the numbers on the
doors to find your room. Also, there are two stairways on each side of
the hall of each floor." Erik thanked her and turned to leave. Erik
wasn’t paying attention and walked right into the guy who left his
computer and antenna at his sofa chair to talk to Erik.

"Oh, I’m sorry," Erik said.

"No problem." the guy said. "Hey, I’m Hank. Who are you?"

"Uh, hey, I’m Erik," Erik said, taken off-guard after the near collision
and immediate question.

"Nice to meet you," Hank said. "Hey, what kind of cell phone do you
have?"

"Cell phone?" Erik asked. "I just have a dumb knockoff phone."

"Can I see it?." Hank asked.

"Sure," Erik said taking the phone from his pocket and showing it to
Hank. "It’s a Nokital."

"Cool," Hank said. "Do you like it?"

"It was cheap, but it does the job I guess," Erik said.

"Cool," Hank said taking a puff from his electronic cigarette and
exhaling a large cloud in the air. "Did you root it and install custom
firmware?"

"Yeah actually," Erik said surprised. Erik had never had anyone ask him
this type of question about his phone in real life. Only on internet
forums or chats with other tech enthusiasts. "Yeah, I run the popular
mod for the phone. The stable release version, not the nightlies."

"Yeah, that explains it," Hank said. "Well, maybe I’ll see you around!"
Hank began to walk back to his seat.

"Uh, yeah... See ya," Erik said as he watched Hank sit back down on the
chair and work on his laptop.

"That was strange," Erik thought to himself as he walked to the
elevator. "What the hell did he mean?" Erik decided to shake off the odd
encounter as he walked out of the lobby and past the entrance into a new
section of the dorm where there was an elevator. Erik walked through the
open elevator door and pushed the number 8 on the panel, anxious to
check out his new room.

Erik took the elevator up to his floor. Erik could hear the sound of
heavy, thrash metal music as he walked down the hall. He passed the room
where the music was coming from and found his room number. Erik opened
the door and stepped inside. "Alright," he said to himself. "I can work
with this." The room was a standard dorm size small rectangle, almost a
square. The long sides of the room were the walls to the left and right
of the doorway. The wall across from the door had a window. Erik looked
out the window, which looked down to the parking lot. There he could see
his mom’s car. Erik’s mom and sister were on the outside of the car
waiting for Erik to come back.

Erik smiled to himself. "I’m finally here," he thought. Erik walked out
of his room and back down the hallway. There was a community bathroom on
the floor, and Erik walked inside. There was a guy in the bathroom
drying his hands in front of one of the sinks. The boy looked at Erik as
he walked into the bathroom. "You the new guy?" the boy said. "Uh, yeah,
I’m moving in now," Erik responded.

"Cool. I’m Steve," the boy said. "I’m Erik, nice to meet you." The two
shook hands.

"Hey, do you got like \$20," asked Steve.

"Umm, yeah, why?" responded Erik puzzled.

"I just need \$20. And I need it... like now."

Steve stared at Erik intently. Erik looked back at Steve, conflicted
about giving money to a person he just met. After a short time, Erik
decided that he should be polite and felt compelled to lend Steve the
money. At the very least, Erik thought lending Steve the money would
help Erik make friends with his new floormate. Erik reached into his
back pocket and pulled out his wallet. He took out a 20 dollar bill and
handed it to Steve.

"Cool," Steve said as he took the bill and walked out of the bathroom.
Erik peered around the corner and watched Steve head into the room with
the heavy metal music. Then, he faintly heard talking.

"Alright here’s the money."

"Don’t you know how to knock?"

"Your door was open."

"No, it was closed."

"It wasn’t locked."

There was an awkward pause with some mumbling. After a short break, the
talking continued.

"Next time knock."

Steve exits the room. He sees Erik and does a reverse nod, acknowledging
that Steve sees Erik. Then, Steve turns to his right and goes down the
hall, opens another door and enters the room.

Erik stands there for a few seconds unsure of what to make of this.
Then, the music turns off, and the door opens again. Another boy exits
the room. He walks toward Erik.

"Oh, hey there!" the boy says to Erik. "You the other guy living on the
floor this summer?"

"Uh, yeah," Erik responds.

"You been here for awhile or you moving in now?" the boy asks.

"Umm, now.," Erik says. "I, uh, well I just came up to see the room
first."

"Ah, cool man.," says the boy. "I’m Bret."

"Erik. Nice to meet you," Erik says shaking Bret’s hand.

"Good to meet you too Erik," says Bret. "I’m going to head out for a
bit, but we should get together and talk after you move in."

"Sounds good," says Erik.

Bret walks past Erik into the shared bathroom on the dorm floor. Erik
turned and walked back to the elevator and rode it down to the first
floor. He exited the front door of the dorm and walked back to the
parking lot. Erik’s mom had already started unpacking the car and
putting Erik’s stuff on the sidewalk. Then, Erik, Hannah, and Erik’s mom
picked up some of the items and brought them upstairs. They continued to
make several trips as they moved all of Erik’s stuff into his dorm room.

After all of Erik’s belongings had been transferred from the car into
Erik’s room, Erik and Hannah began unpacking the boxes. Erik’s mom went
back down to the car to grab her purse. As she walked down the hallway
toward the elevator, she smelled smoke coming from somewhere on the
floor. Erik’s mom knew the smell very well. It was marijuana. She turns
around and walks back to Erik’s room where Erik and Hannah are
unpacking.

"Do you guys smell something?" Erik’s mom asks.

"No," they both respond.

Erik’s mom turns around and begins to sniff like a bloodhound hunting an
animal. She sniffs as she walks slowly back to the elevator. As she
reached the elevator, the smell was stronger, and she walked past the
elevator down the other side of the hall, still on the trail of the
origin. Finally, she stopped at a room across from the stairwell. Erik’s
mom smelled the door to the stairwell up and down and then turned around
to smell the room door up and down. She was having a difficult time
determining where the smell originated. Erik’s mom then started to
backtrack her steps, smelling the walls and each door she came to, up
and down the frame.

Bret exits the elevator and walks to the long hallway. He was about to
turn right towards his room when he saw someone out of the corner of his
eye to his left. Bret stops and sees Erik’s mom inhaling the air and
then each doorway, like a dog. She turns around from sniffing the
current door while Bret is staring at her with a perplexed look. Erik’s
mom freezes. They both stare each other down for a second.

"Can I help you with something?" Bret finally says to her. Realizing
that she must look foolish, she straightens up.

"No," she says. "I need to go get something... From the car... "

Erik’s mom walks to the elevator, enters through the open doors and
presses the button to go down. Bret stands there, very confused about
what just happened, watching the doors close slowly. Then, Bret shakes
it off and turns around to walk to his room.

As Bret turns back toward his room, he catches the scent of weed in the
air. Bret has a eureka moment, as the explanation of what he just
witnessed comes into focus. "Dumb mother fucker...," he says under his
breath. Bret walks toward Steve’s room, shaking his head faster and
faster as the smell gets stronger. Bret knocks on Steve’s door and then
opens it. "You got 2 minutes to clear this room and get the fuck out of
here before the cops come," Bret says to Steve as he rushes into the
room.

Steve was laying on his bed when Bret walked through the door. Steve
sits up after hearing Bret’s warning. "What? ... What you talking
about?" Steve asks.

"You didn’t vent anything.," Bret says. "The whole hallway smells like a
fucking Deadhead concert. The other guy’s mom is going downstairs now to
call the cops."

"Shit," Steve says. "I’ll crack the window."

"Fuck that man," Bret says. "The smell is everywhere. If the cops see
you, they’ll know that your high and you were smoking up in here. You
need to get the fuck out of here, now."

Steve looks at his closet and then digs through a gym bag on the floor.
He puts on a light jogging hoodie and earbuds in his ears. Then he puts
his shoes on and walks toward the door.

"Wait," Bret stops him. "You have got to clear the smell out of here
man."

Steve turns on a box fan and points it toward the window. Then he opens
the window as they both leave the room. Steve walks across the hall and
opens the stairway door. Steve looks down to see a wood block wedge and
sticks it between the floor and the door to hold it open. Then, Steve
starts down the steps as Bret walks back to Erik’s room. Bret gets to
Erik’s door and looks again to make sure Steve is gone. Then, he turns
to Erik and Hannah. "So, where are you from?" Bret says as he walks into
Erik’s room.

Steve stops halfway down the steps and slips on his hood. He exits the
stairway at the ground floor just as the cops pull up to the front door.
Steve sees them and turns around, putting the earbuds in his ears and
walks to the side exit. Steve exits through the door to the outside of
the building. Just as night air touches his face, the impact of the weed
hits him hard and his reaction time slows to a crawl. Steve looks down
and sees that his earbuds are not connected to anything, so the cord
dangles down in front of him. Steve slowly grabs the wire like he’s
pulling a rope hand over hand. When he finally gets to the end, Steve
slowly shoves it down the front of his shorts. The wire dangles down
through his boxer and runs down his leg. Steve hears movement on the
other side of the door. He realizes that he can’t stay there. This is
where Steve begins the slowest jog of his life, trying not to fall.

Erik’s mom, the girl at the front desk, and the campus police take the
elevator up to Erik’s floor. When the door opens, Erik’s mom leads them
to the left of the elevators and toward Steve’s room. Erik’s mom points
at the room, and the campus police knock on the door. After a 5 second
wait, they knock again. The front desk girl unlocks the door and the
campus police walk in. The police search the room, but they don’t find
anything except a stick of incense burning on the desk.

"This door wasn’t open a minute ago," Erik’s mom says pointing at the
stairway door. "It was closed."

"It should have been open," the girl from the front desk says from
inside of Steve’s room. "We opened all of them for move-in day." The
officers were looking around the desk and the bed for drugs.

"It was closed when I was up here," Erik’s mom says again. "Maybe you
could take fingerprints from the door handle to the stairs and match
them to the fingerprints on the door handle to the room." The two police
officers stop what they were doing and look at each other, trying to
contain the laughter.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"What the fuck?" Steve says as he notices something touching his leg.
Steve sees that the cord fell through his boxer shorts and he can feel
the earbud cord tap him every time he moves. Steve pulls the cable back
up but doesn’t know what to do with it. Then he has an idea. Steve turns
to the bushes as he reaches down the front of his shorts. Steve loops
the cord around his dick and scrotum and makes a knot. The cold wire
looks like it’s separating Steve’s genitals from the rest of his body.

Steve looks down the sidewalk and realizes he needs to get moving. Steve
starts running as the cord gently tugs at him. He enjoys the feeling and
smiles. The sensation causes Steve to have an erection. Steve continues
to jog with an 7-inch tent bulging from the front of his shorts. The
giant 6 foot, 4 inch, two hundred pound college athlete continues his
slow swaying jog down the sidewalk.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The two officers, the front desk girl, and Erik’s mom leave Steve’s room
and walk back down to Erik’s room. They see Erik, Hannah, and Bret
talking as Hannah and Erik are putting away Erik’s stuff.

"Do you live in the room at the end of the hall?" one of the officers
says to Bret.

"No, I’m in the room across from the elevators," Bret says.

"We need to see your room," says the other officer.

"OK, what’s this about?" Bret says in his best attempt at a playing
dumb, yet curious tone.

"They need to do a routine search," says the front desk girl.

Bret walks with them out of Erik’s room and unlocks the door to his own
room. The officers and the front desk girl step in. They all confirm
that the smell did not originate from Bret’s room. The officers take a
hard look around Bret’s room. One of the officers studies Bret’s desk
while the other walks in and looks around the floor and bed. After a
minute they both look at each other and nod. Nothing appears out of the
ordinary, so they all head back to Erik’s room.

"Do any of you know where the guy who lives down the hall is right now?"
asks one of the officers.

"I saw him walking around earlier in the day," Bret says.

"What time was that?" asks the officer.

"I can’t remember," says Bret. "The sun was still up though."

Erik froze. He knew Bret was lying, but he didn’t know what to say. The
officer looked over at both Erik and Hannah.

"Either of you see him?" asked the officer.

"I don’t know even know who you’re talking about," said Hannah.

Erik was nervous. "No, we’ve been in the room," he finally managed.

The officers stepped out into the hallway and whispered to each other.
Erik’s mom and the front desk girl talked about how the boy should be
back soon. "He probably just had the munchies and now was out to
dinner," said Erik’s mom.

Outside Erik’s window, Erik heard a car screeching to a stop. Erik
looked out the window to see Steve yelling at cars to slow down from the
sidewalk. Steve was half walking, half light jogging. One of the
vehicles was pulling into a parking spot. Steve was yelling at the car
as it came to a stop.

"SLOW DOWN!," Steve yelled. "People are running all around here!" Steve
held his hands up to show where the car should be looking. In the
distance, a couple was walking, but those were the only other people on
the sidewalk.

"Goddamn maniac!" Steve said as he continued the slowest jog ever. Steve
took a few more steps and then said to himself, "Man, I’m flying
tonight."

Erik turned back toward the group in his room. "There’s nothing we can
do if he isn’t here," one of the officers said. "There was nothing in
his room. The smell is the only evidence we have at this point."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Steve continued his slow jog. His dick was rock hard. The sensation of
it bobbing up and down, rubbing against Steve’s running shorts at the
motion of Steve’s movement was becoming too pleasurable for Steve to
take. Steve cracked a smile as he looked up towards the night sky and
slightly shut his eyes. The continuous movement felt incredible.

Steve became lost in the moment. With every kick forward of his legs, he
would move his hips to grind on his shorts. Now, Steve looked like he
was dancing down the sidewalk as he ran. He continued to move ahead
until his knees hit cold metal during a kick forward. Steve opened his
eyes to watch himself topple over an empty bike rack. He flew parallel
to the ground and landed hard, face first on the cement below.

Since Steve was caught entirely off-guard during his erotic workout, he
had not protected himself from the fall. Shortly after hitting the
ground, a painful sensation hit him below his waist. Steve quickly moved
his hands down to his groin. The pain was getting worse, and Steve
winced, feeling like the air was knocked out of him. "Uh... I broke my
dick...," he barely sputtered. Steve continued to roll on the cement,
writhing in pain, holding himself and unsure of what to do.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Erik heard a short yell from outside. He looked to see Steve laying on
the ground, and it sounded like he was crying. "My dick is broken!"
Steve painfully yelled from outside. Erik quickly closed the window and
turned around back towards the inside of the room. Everyone was staring
at Erik. Erik quickly crossed his arms in front of him. "Brr... It’s
cold in here," Erik said walking away from the window.
