Chapter 4
=========

<br />

Lara opened the apartment door, and Erik followed her inside. As the
door opened, an orange, striped cat walked from the entry door, where it
was resting, into the room. Erik’s eyes followed the cat as it jumped
onto a futon couch.

Lara’s apartment was a single room studio. Immediately to the left of
the entrance was a bathroom and to the right was a small kitchen. After
the bathroom and kitchen, there was a vast open area. On the other side
of the room, there was a sliding-glass door out to a patio with red and
beige curtains. The large room had a closet on the right wall adjacent
to the kitchen, and a computer desk in the corner. On the left wall was
a 50-inch flat screen TV on a high TV stand. Facing away from the TV was
a black framed futon with a hot pink fuzzy cushion in the upright
"couch" position and a red heart pillow in the right corner. On the
couch lay the orange striped cat. Lara led Erik through the small
hallway past the kitchen and bathroom.

"This has way more space than the shitty dorms," Erik thought. "I wonder
how much this costs."

"Nice place," Erik said.

"Thanks," Lara responded. "It’ll do, for now. Ain’t that right Chessie?"
Lara petted the cat as she passed it.

The desk had a closed laptop on the left side and a 21-inch flat screen
TV on the right side. The TV was on the edge of the desk facing the
futon while the laptop was positioned for regular sitting at the desk.
In between the desk and the closet wall, there was a camera on a tripod
that was folded up and leaning against the wall. Erik noticed that the
futon was facing the small 21 inch TV on the computer desk, but right
behind the futon was the large 50 inch TV. The large TV sat higher than
the futon in the couch position.

"That’s odd," Erik thought. "Maybe she was watching something on the
internet from bed? But why not just connect the big TV to the laptop?
It’s not that far away. Maybe she doesn’t know how to do that."

Lara opened the laptop, and both of the TVs turned on. Lara hit the
power button to the TV on the desk to turn it back off again. "Sorry,"
she said. "Forgot to turn that off from last night." The bigge TV was
still on with a video of a woman performing oral sex on a man with a
very large penis. The woman was drooling down the shaft as she continued
to take the man in her mouth forcibly. The sound was muted, and neither
Lara or Erik noticed the video of the woman choking on some guy’s dick
playing behind them.

Lara pulled up a webpage on the laptop and showed it to Erik. "This is
how far I got," she said.

The webpage was very crude. "This looks like a fucking five-year-old did
this," Erik thought. Then, he read the titles and content. "Lola Loves
Lollipops," it read. Further down were images of a slutty looking woman
with all kinds of objects in her mouth. The woman was wearing a lot of
makeup and different costumes, masks, and wigs. Despite all of the
disguises, Erik was relatively sure that the woman was the same in all
the images. Further down, there were images of the same woman giving
blowjobs to random men.

"Hooolllllyyyy shit," Erik said slowly and silently. "So this is your
artwork? You photograph women sucking guys off, and toys... and... is
that a cucumber?" Erik looked at the last image trying to figure out
what was in the girl’s mouth.

"Not quite," Lara said with a smirk. "Look closer."

"Zucchini?" Erik asked confused. Lara looked at him with a look that
said, "are you fucking joking?"

Erik looked again, and from a side shot where the woman was topless,
with a cigarette in one hand and a big dick in the other blowing smoke
rings on it, Erik recognized the woman. He looked at Lara who had a
devilish smile on her face seeing Erik coming to the realization.

"Wow," he said. "I... I never would have thought..." Erik was
speechless. He didn’t know how to finish the sentence.

"Most people don’t," Lara said.

"How long have you been doing this?" Erik asked.

"About a year," Lara said. "I dance at the club, and I cam mostly. I
take photos and do private shows for my regulars. I needed a big enough
stash of stuff to start my own website. Now I have enough stuff for it;
I just can’t make it look right."

"So, you don’t actually sell any of this yet?" Erik asked.

"Some videos and pictures are on the camming sites," Lara said. "The
regulars asked me to take some weird pics and vids of cucumbers in my
ass and shit like that. Some other guys saw them and then asked for some
other shit. So, I made some more. Put them up for like \$20 each, and
they bought em. Mostly just edits of private shows, but some new shit
too. I record everything I do. But the cam sites take like 60% of the
money. So I want to put everything on my own site."

The cat lets out a meow behind them. Erik turned his head to look at the
cat and finally noticed that the large TV was on and playing videos. He
turned his entire body to look at the large TV showing fast edits of
Lara taking cumshots on her face and in her mouth. Lara turned to see
that her video was playing on the large television. "Whoops!," she said
looking at the TV with a smile. "Forgot to turn that off too." She sat
there admiring her work glancing at Erik who was mesmerized by the
video. Erik was smiling ear to ear.

"This is the best fucking day of my life," Erik thought. Erik was very
aroused and when Lara looked away, he had to keep adjusting himself.

"So... Like, do you just, umm... Watch yourself?" Erik asked
confusingly. "Is that why... like... this video was on?"

Lara giggled. "I play videos behind me while I cam," Lara said. "You
have to make the guys stay on. And if it’s a new guy, they don’t know
what I’ll do. Some girls don’t do shit. They just tease, and guys get
pissed off. So I have to play videos of me doing stuff they want to see
me do so they will wait to see me do it on the cam. The longer they
wait, the more they pay. You have to tease, but show them some stuff, or
they’ll leave.

Erik nodded. "She’s really smart," Erik thought. "This girl is amazing.
I can’t believe I’m meeting a fucking porn star. This is... the best...
fucking day of my..."

"OK!," Lara said as she walked over to the TV and turned it off. "You’re
on the clock big guy so time to put your ass to work!"

"Right," Erik said coming back to reality. Lara walked back to the desk
and together, they reviewed the one-page website that Lara built. "So,
what do you want to change?" Erik asked.

"The whole thing," Lara responded. "It looks like shit. I don’t know
what I’m doing. I did some free thing to build it, and it looks shitty.
I looked at other stuff, and I found some other website builder thing. I
did that, but the next day they fucking canceled my account because it’s
porn. I lost everything I put there. They wouldn’t give it back.
Assholes. I don’t know what to do now. I need help."

Erik had visited several porn sites over the years. He had a very good
idea of the general layout of these sites. "If you want to rebuild the
whole thing," Erik started. "Then, you should probably have an idea of
the layout, how many pages you want it to be, and what you want it to do
for someone who pays and others who don’t."

"Look at this one," Lara said opening up a new tab in the web browser.
Lara opened another website which was very similar to what Erik thought
Lara was looking for. The site was called "Spanking Sami." The site
featured another porn star and the different ways she was being spanked
by other people. The pictures and videos showed the woman being spanked
and slapped with hands, paddles, pans, pots, books, floggers, penises,
dildos, cooking utensils, large inflatable bats, a tennis racket and
various other items. There were pictures of the woman bent over with all
kinds of things spread on her butt such as paint, ketchup, ice cream,
yogurt, and even strips of bacon. Then there were multiple men having
anal sex with her doggy style while slapping and spanking her butt
causing the various substances to be smeared, splattered and thrown all
over in the process.

"She has this page with some small pics and this ‘about her’ part," Lara
said. "And then two subscriptions, one month for 15 dollars and one year
for 100 dollars. You get a 30 second peek at some videos, and then you
pay the subscription to get more. When you join, you can watch the
videos, but you can’t download them. If you pay the one year, she gives
you one free 15-minute private cam show each year. And you can buy more
credits for private shows. If you don’t subscribe, it’s \$100 for 15
minutes. If you’re a monthly, it’s \$75. If you do the year, it’s \$50."

"That’s fucking expensive," Erik thought. "Who would pay all that?"

"Is that how you want your site to work?" Erik asked.

"Yeah," Lara said. "Kind of. Well, I want the free and paid thing. I
like what she has. But I want something that’s easy to add new pics and
vids for the guys that pay. Then, I want some way to cam with them for
more money."

"People would pay for all that?" Erik asked surprised.

"Fuck yeah," Lara responded quickly. "Guys pay me to do all kinds of
stuff. And if I gave it all to them, they would pay for it."

"This is a lot of work," Erik said. "This site must have taken a lot of
time to put together." "So what do I do?" she asked.

"There are definitely better tools out there then what you used," Erik
said. "But, they will all cost money. Then, you need somewhere to host
it, and a lot of shared hosting doesn’t allow porn. You already found
that out the hard way. Then, you are going to need to create some way
for people to set up their accounts, manage them, stuff like that. And
you still need to figure out how you can get people to pay you because
again not a lot of places will allow payments for porn sites. This is a
lot of work."

"Do you know how to do any of this?" Lara asked.

"I’ve done each piece of it individually before. Just... Well, not all
together," Erik said. "And I’ve never done anything for a porn site."

"So how much would you charge to do all this?" Lara asked.

"I really don’t know," Erik said. "It would probably cost a few hundred
dollars, maybe more. It’s a lot of time. It’s not something you can do
in a day."

"How much could you do today?" she asked.

"I would have to look some stuff up to start," Erik said. "I’m not a pro
at this, so it’s going to take me some time to figure it out. First
thing is to find out where you could host this thing and how to set up
all the accounts you need from places that allow porn. That right there
will probably take a few hours to do, maybe a day."

"So, can you start now?" she asked.

"We only talked about one hour, and I need to go get lunch before my
next class," Erik said. "This is a lot of work. I’m not sure that I’m
the right guy for you. I just don’t want to piss you off and make you
feel like you got ripped off."

Lara looks at him intensely. She leans in close to Erik’s face. "What do
I need to do to get you to work on this for me?" she asks slowly and
softly.

Erik is confused by the change in her tone. "Uh... Well... I can work on
it while I’m looking for a job, but I don’t know what to charge you,"
Erik says honestly.

"So you are looking for a job then?" Lara asks with a more upbeat tone.

"Yes," Erik says. "I was hoping to find something now and keep doing it
when the school year begins again in the fall."

Lara smiles widely. "All the jobs around here pay shitty minimum wage
because they know college students will work any job they can walk to,"
she says to Erik. "Then you have to pay taxes. The most you’ll probably
make in a week is \$100, and that’s only if they give you enough hours
to work. I’ll pay you \$250 to work on my website for the next two
weeks."

Erik thought about it for a second. "I can work on your website until I
find a job.," he said. "Once I find one, then I’ll probably need to
stop."

"No," she said sternly, her look getting more intense. "I need you to
work on it until it’s done."

"You want a lot of stuff on here," Erik said sheepishly. "I don’t know
how long it’s going to take to do all of it."

"Just get it to the point where I can have people get the free videos
and pay me for more, and then we’ll talk," Lara said convincingly.

Erik paused. "OK," he said finally. "I’ll do that."

"And then add the private camming," Lara said.

"That’s too much," Erik said.

"Alright, fine," Lara says. "Three hundred dollars. But you have to
start today."

"I don’t think I’ll have enough time," Erik responded.

"Four hundred dollars to build the website for me," Lara demanded.

"Look," Erik started. "To do the whole thing is probably going to take a
few weeks. Now, I gotta go eat lunch. I’ll think about it some more and
let you know."

Lara leans in closer almost nose to nose. "I’ve got a better idea," she
says softly. "How about 500 dollars? And, you stay here, I order a
pizza, I suck your dick, and you start working on the site today?"

"I do love piz... Wait... what?" he asks. Erik’s eyes get wide realizing
what Erik was offering. "What did you say?"

Lara has a slight smile. "You start working on the site today," she
says.

Erik panicked. "Did I just dream that," he thought.

"No, wait... Before that...," Erik said quickly.

The smile on Lara’s face grew a bit larger as she reeled him in. "I
order a pizza," Lara said.

Erik is confused. "Did I just hear that right?" he thinks. "Fuck, am I
going nuts?" Erik’s pulse is rising. He’s not sure if he just dreamed
what she said or it was true. Erik looked over at the curtains.

"So, what do you say?" Lara asked. Erik looked back at Lara.

"I think I missed something in there," Erik said. "Could you just repeat
that whole thing again?"

"500 dollars... You stay here... I order a pizza... I suck your cock,
and you start working today.," she said as her hands touch his knees and
inch very slowly upward.

"Holy, fucking, shit...," Erik thinks. "This can’t be real. I must be
dreaming. Did this girl fall from heaven?"

Lara leans into the right side of Erik’s head, her lips barely touching
Erik’s ear. "Do we have a deal?" Lara asks softly, trailing her fingers
to Erik’s belt, as she starts to unbuckle it.

"Yes," Erik says softly.

"Great!," Lara says leaning backward and standing up. "What do you want
on your pizza?" She walks to the Kitchen to grab her cell phone.

Erik is confused. "Uh, anything is fine," Erik says. "I... I like
pepperoni and sausage."

"Pepperoni and sausage it is," Lara says with the phone to her ear.

Lara orders the pizza and asks them to deliver it. Erik is still frozen
in place. He hasn’t moved at all, not sure what will happen next or what
he is supposed to do. "Holy shit," Erik thinks. "Holy shit. Holy shit.
OK. OK. OK, now what? Now... What do I do?" Lara walks out of the
kitchen and back into the room. "Pizza will be here in 20 minutes," Lara
says.

Erik keeps staring at her, like a deer in headlights. He is paralyzed in
wonder, fear, and delight. Erik is looking to Lara for a cue to direct
him on what to do next. Lara looks at Erik, realizing he’s not saying
anything. "Oh, that’s right," she said. "Your blowjob..." She walks to
him and stands next to him. "Well?" she asks.

"Well, what?" Erik asks confused.

"Take your pants off," she says. Erik pauses, unsure of himself. Then,
he slowly stands up and takes down his pants. Then he sits back down on
the desk chair.

"And your underwear," Lara says. Erik stays seated. He suddenly realizes
that he doesn’t feel comfortable with the idea of being naked in front
of Lara. Lara senses the tension. "You need to pull out your dick for me
to blow you," she says. After a short pause, Erik stands up and quickly
takes off his underwear and sits back down, covering his erection with
his hands.

"My, my, you are a shy one," Lara says. Erik is very uncomfortable. His
heart is racing, and his face feels hot. He really wants Lara to do
this, but he doesn’t know how to calm down.

Erik’s nervousness is now softening his erection. This is making Erik
even more nervous and he feels like he’s going to have a panic attack.
His face is turning red. The anxiety is rising tears to his eyes as he
realizes he can’t "man up" enough to get his dick sucked by a porn star.

Lara can read all this on Erik’s face and body as she stands over him,
looking at him as he becomes more and more uncomfortable.

"You’re cute, Erik," she says, which makes Erik feel slightly better
amongst the stress. She kneels down between his legs and puts her hands
on top of his. "Just relax," she says.

Lara removes Erik’s hands and then slowly grabs his cock. It’s softened
now to a semi-erection, and some precum is sliding out. Lara gently
strokes Erik, gently wiping the precum from the tip. She leans down and
licks the shaft up and down, slowly. Then, she puts her mouth on the
head.

Erik’s nervousness washes away. He feels his face get cool as he looks
over to see the warm, red color in the curtains. Lara’s mouth felt
amazing on his cock, and all of his performance anxiety was replaced
with a new emotion of tenseness as he gets extremely hard, again.

Lara bobs her head up and down as her wet lips grip Erik’s shaft, moving
faster as the seconds go by. Erik now realizes that he’s not going to be
able to make this last long. "Shit," he thinks. "Think unsexy thoughts.
Think unsexy thoughts. Math... Do math... Four times two is eight...
Four times five is twelve. Four times six is thirteen. Four times
seven... Dear god..." Erik could feel himself getting damp with sweat on
his face. The stress was becoming too much to handle. "Geography...
London is the capital of Paris, Paris is the capital of Rome... Oh
fuck... Mabel... no..." The thoughts gave him a microsecond of eased
relaxation. But, after a graze of Lara’s tongue over the tip of his cock
on an upstroke quickly wipes his mind, the stress returns yet again.

Lara moves her head with intensity, attempting to bring Erik to orgasm
as quickly as possible. With her left hand, Lara slowly slides up under
Erik’s shirt onto his chest, gently caressing him with her palm. With
her right hand, she gently cradles and massages his balls.

Erik can’t take it anymore. He’s breathing heavy. "FUCK!," he says to
himself. "I can’t hold it!" Lara pulls her mouth off his cock and jerks
him off frantically as she eye fucks Erik beneath his shaft. Erik let’s
go of a quick high pitched sigh and grips the arms of the chair. Then,
Erik moans deeply as he begins to cum. The first shot came out and hit
Lara on her lip and cheek. This was the cue Lara was waiting for. She
quickly takes Erik in her mouth, closes her eyes, and deep throats his
cock. Lara stops for a brief second as Erik gasps louder and she feels
him continue to cum in the back of her throat. She quickly swallows a
small amount and pulls back, collecting the rest in her mouth, restoring
eye contact with Erik. Then, Lara picks up the intensity again. Erik’s
body convulses, matching his moans and he continues cumming into her
mouth. Her intensity slows as she continues to eye fuck him and Erik’s
body keeps twitching. Eventually, she stops, leans back with her mouth
full, stands up and walks to the bathroom.

Erik sits still, enjoying the after-orgasm feeling of calmness. Erik
watches Lara as she walks to the bathroom. Erik is trying to slow his
breathing back to normal. He sees the bathroom light turn on and can
hear the sink running. Erik looks over at the couch and notices that the
cat hasn’t moved since they walked into the apartment. The cat is
staring at Erik and looked like it was grinning. Erik stared back at the
cat uncomfortably. "Did this fucking cat really just watch it’s owner
blow me?" The stare off continued, neither one moved. Erik stared at the
cat awkwardly, and the cat just smiled back at him.

After a minute, Lara walks back into the room. "Time to get to work!"
she yells as she slaps his bare thigh.

"Ouch!," Erik yells. He gets up and starts putting his underwear back
on.

"Don’t be a pussy," she says taunting him. "Sorry Chessie." The cat
meowed. "Pizza should be here soon. So... get to work big dick." She
slaps him hard on Erik’s still exposed butt as he is bent over pulling
his underwear up. This straightens him up quickly with a shock but
cracks a smile on his face. Then, Lara walks out of the room and back
into the kitchen. "I need to get some cash for the pizza."

Erik puts his pants on and sits down in the chair. He says to himself,
"If this is a dream, I don’t ever want to wake up. This is seriously,
the best day of my fucking life. If only that fucking cat would stop..."
Erik looked back, and the cat was gone. Erik looked around and couldn’t
see it anywhere. Erik shakes off the oddity and turns to the computer,
opening a new browser tab. Erik begins his research of places to host a
porn site. Erik opens a new document on the screen and pastes links,
names, and costs into the window as he gathers all the information he
needs to begin his new job.

Eventually, there is a knock at the door, and Lara walks over to answer
it. Lara opens the door to a young man leaning up against the side of
the doorway, holding the pizza by the bottom of the box in a serving
manner. After Lara opens the door, the man swings the arm around holding
the pizza. "Did someone order a big, spicy, Italian sausage?" he says in
a corny non-suave manner.

"Oh Michael," Lara says playfully. "Not today. I have some work to do."

"Some, naked... work to do?" he asks as he joins her playful banter.

"No, some different work," she says in a flirty tone.

Erik can hear the conversation. He leans back in the chair trying to see
down the short hallway. He can see the back of Lara, but can’t see the
person she is talking to.

"But how are you going to pay for this big, thick, sausage pizza?" he
asks, his tone of voice getting increasingly corny.

"With cash," Lara responds holding up a few bills to him.

The man’s expression changes to a pout, and he looks defeated.

"Alright," he says. "Are you going to be online tonight?"

"Of course," she says with a wink.

"Alright, well I’ll see you then," he responds and leaves.

Erik, hearing the conversation come to an end, walks out of the room
toward the door just as Lara closes it. Lara carries the pizza into the
kitchen and Erik follows her.

"What was all that about?" Erik asks.

"Oh nothing," Lara says.

"It sounded like he was hitting on you," Erik says.

"Oooh, are you jealous?" Lara asks with a smile as she opens the pizza
box.

"No," Erik says quickly. "I mean, whatever. I just... It sounded like he
expected something else." Lara smiles as she grabs some paper plates
from one of the cabinets and puts a few slices on two plates. She walks
back out to the main area and puts one plate on the desk and sits down
on the futon with the other plate. The cat reappears and jumps on the
futon; The cat continues to stare at Erik.

"She is pretty hot," Erik thought to himself. "Hot girls just get hit on
all the time. Yeah... That makes sense." He nods his head agreeing with
himself. Erik sits down at the desk and starts eating the pizza. Lara is
eating her pizza on the futon.

"Sometimes I blow him to save money on food," Lara says abruptly before
taking another bite.

Erik is stunned, and half chokes on his pizza. "What the fuck?" he
thinks. "But... Wait, what?..." He spits out the pizza on his plate. She
looks at him smiling as she continues eating.

"So, do you do that a lot?" he asks. "With other guys too?"

"Whenever I want," she says in a casual tone.

"How many times have you done that sort of thing?" Erik asks with a
voice of concern.

"I’ve lost track," she says continuing to eat another piece.

"Fuckkkkkkk," Erik thinks. Suddenly, Erik heard music, and a women's
voice say "VD is for everybody." The memory came from High School health
class where they showed a video from the 60s. In the video, it showed
several people from all different walks of life while some woman
creepily sang "VD is for everybody... anyone can share VD with someone
nice as you..." "What was I thinking? What if she has some sort of
disease? Oh my god. Is my dick itching? I feel sick. Is this gonorrhea?
Is this what gonorrhea feels like? What if it’s HIV? Oh shit..."

Erik looks visibly upset.

Lara is looking at Erik who looks like he’s about to have a mental
breakdown. Lara stops eating. "What’s wrong with you?" Lara asks. The
cat jumps off the futon and walks over to the door.

"Do you... Umm... Have any... Um... Diseases?" he asks her nervously.

"What?" she asks her smile quickly turning to a frown. "Are you asking
me if I have STDs because I sucked your dick?"

"Yes," Erik says calmly, breathing heavily, trying to keep himself
grounded while he waits for her answer.

Lara stands up and throws her pizza at Erik. The pizza hits him in the
face. "You’re a fucking asshole!" she says raising her voice.

"I’m sorry!" he says very nervously, realizing that he upset her and not
knowing what else to do. He scoops up the pizza and then realizes it’s
been in her mouth. He then holds it with his thumb and first finger in
disgust as he drops it on the desk, thinking it’s diseased. "I’ve never
done anything like that before. I don’t know what to say or how to ask
that stuff."

"No, Erik," she says sternly. "I’m not diseased."

"OK," Erik says.

"Next time, just use a condom!" she yells at him. "If you’re that
fucking worried, then wrap your shit up!"

"OK," Erik says louder. Then he eases his tone, feeling a calmness from
her answer to the diseased question. "I’m sorry."

The cat is laying down by the front door staring back at the two of
them, grinning again.

Lara looks down and calms herself. "Let’s just get to work," she says.
Erik pauses, staring at Lara. Lara turns around and walks into the
kitchen. Erik, covered in pizza sauce on his cheek, turns back to the
laptop to continue working on the website. As Erik is about to put his
hands on the keyboard, he notices that they are covered in grease,
cheese, and pizza sauce. Erik looks at his hands trying to decide what
to do. Then, Erik looks to his right and sees Lara is walking toward
him.

She hands him some napkins with her left hand. Erik takes them and wipes
his hands. Then, she touches his face and moves it, so it’s facing her.
Erik stares at Lara intently waiting for her next move. Lara raises her
right hand with a wet napkin and wipes the pizza sauce off of Erik’s
face.

"Thank you," Erik says looking up at her with a puppy dog look on his
face.

She smiles at him.
