Chapter 5
=========

<br />

Erik leaves Lara’s apartment for class and begins walking to the nearest
bus stop. This is his first moment of being completely alone since
meeting Lara after class this morning. His mind keeps racing over
everything that happened. The sky was overcast, but the sun managed to
shine through open spots in the clouds. The rain from the morning was
drying up. It felt hot and humid.

Then he thinks, "I just got a blowjob... from a fucking porn star.
Wow... That is so fucking cool." A broad smile appears on Erik’s face,
and his walk turns into more of a strut. His confidence level rises, and
he feels like he’s a stud. His step coincides with the beat of a popular
70's Disco song. The sun splits through the cloud overhead and shines a
spotlight on Erik.

The guitar riff is playing in his head as Erik moves to the beat. Erik
pays little attention to the environment around him as he starts to
dance to the beat in his head and half humming/half singing the song.
After several steps, Erik begins to sing the song outright and out loud
for everyone to hear. He comes to a break between 2 trees that look like
a doorway and stands between them. Erik’s head pops out from the tree
limbs as he hums "Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah." Then, Erik’s voice shrinks to the
highest pitch he can muster. Erik’s voice cracks as he’s trying to
extend a single word for as long as he can, coughing at the end from the
discomfort.

Then Erik continues walking down the sidewalk. He slides side to side,
hands moving in dramatic motion while maintaining his path to the bus
stop. Erik’s dancing changes suddenly and erratically: stopping to throw
his hands in the air while shaking his hips, ducking down and popping
up, putting his left hand at his waist and moving his right hand from
his waist above his head and back repeatedly, walking down the sidewalk
both hands up above his head snapping his fingers and moving
Side-To-Side. Erik claps his hands and spins around. Then he turns back
the other way and continues walking.

Further down the street, a group of students is standing at the bus stop
waiting for the bus to arrive. Erik continues dancing to the tune in his
head as he approaches the bus stop. The waiting students see Erik, and
they all stare at him as Erik continues to dance around, completely
oblivious to the fact that there is now an audience watching his
performance. Erik continues closer until he’s only 100 feet away, and
that’s when he notices everyone staring at him. Erik freezes, just as he
was leaning downward. The music in his head screeches to a stop, and the
clouds cover the sun, removing his spotlight. Erik stares at the
students at the bus stop, and they stare right back. Several moments
pass as the staredown continues. Finally, Erik slowly stands up
straight, eyes still locked on his audience. Then he slowly walks toward
the bus stop and stands in line. The students are smiling and giggling
to themselves as the bus turns the corner. Everyone steps onto the bus
and takes a seat.

Erik stares out the window and thinks about each of the items he needs
to tackle for Lara’s website. He takes out a notepad and scribbles his
ideas down intently, planning to review them later when he has the time.
He then puts away the notebook as the bus arrives at his stop. Erik
exits the bus and walks into the building in front of the bus stop. Erik
finds the classroom number. When Erik enters the classroom, he notices
that there were a few students in there already. Erik took a seat three
rows from the back with his right side up against the wall. Erik pulled
out his notebook and continued adding new things about Lara’s website.
Erik didn’t notice all the other students enter the room. Then, the
instructor arrived. "Good afternoon everyone," she said as she entered
the room. "I am Susie Benes. I will be taking this class over for
Professor Varnson who has taken an extended leave of absence. Your
schedules will be updated tomorrow. So with that, let’s get started."

By that point, the room was full of students, and the instructor began
taking attendance. "Erik McMurphy," she said. "Here," Erik responded as
he continued to write in his notebook. A girl in the 2nd row, directly
in front of Erik’s desk and to the left, turned around and looked at
him. Erik didn't notice this because he was still writing. She turned to
face the front of the class. "Jessica Moncino," the instructor said.
"Here," the girl said. Erik recognized the name and looked up from the
notebook. The girl turned around again. This time, Erik noticed the
girl. There she was, Jessica, looking right back at him and the two
locked eyes. Jessica smiled at Erik and then looked forward, again. "The
hot, wet, goth chick," Erik thought. "Except she’s not wet." Erik
studied Jessica. "And she’s not goth. But she’s still hot..."

Jessica had long brown hair, not the black hair that Erik had thought
this morning when it was dripping water. Jessica also didn’t have dark
eye makeup running down her face. She wore a modest amount of makeup
which complimented her natural beauty. She was wearing a light blue
button-up shirt and jean shorts. The only thing even remotely close to
gothic about her appearance now was that she had a few piercings in her
ears. She had two small hoops at the bottom and 2 in her cartilage on
each ear. Nothing out of the ordinary, just small, simple hoops. She was
naturally a beautiful, young woman.

Class went on, and Erik’s mind continued to daydream about Jessica. Erik
dreamt of a fire in the building, and everyone exited the building,
except the two of them. Jessica and Erik were left in the classroom,
looking at each other with aggressive lust. The fire surrounded them,
but it wasn’t very large. Then, Erik and Jessica gravitated toward each
other and began making out. He ripped open her button up shirt, and she
pulled his t-shirt over his head. They ripped off each other’s pants as
they made out. Erik backed Jessica upon the instructor’s desk and lifted
her ass on top of it. Erik thrust inside Jessica while she sat on the
desk as the fire alarm was blaring. The fire intensified the more
Jessica screamed in delight. Erik grabbed Jessica’s left breast and put
his mouth on the nipple. He bit and sucked as she moaned. Suddenly, the
sprinkler system turned on, showering them with cold water. They
continued fucking, screaming and moaning, while the cold water drenched
their wet bodies, protecting them from the fiery kisses that licked at
them until...

"Erik?" the instructor said.

"Uh... yeah?" Erik said confused, shaken out of his intense daydream.

"What do you think the answer is?" the instructor said as Erik looked at
the board.

The instructor was in the middle of a recap of basic geometry and
trigonometry. Erik saw a right triangle with a missing length on one of
its sides. "Oh, this is easy," he thought.

"I would use the Pythagorean Theorem," he responded quickly.

"Yes, that’s what we’ve been talking about, but what would the answer
look like," the instructor asked.

"5 squared + y squared = 10 squared," Erik responded.

"Great, now that’s the equation that we’ve already come to as a class,"
the instructor said. "Thank you for joining us. But, I’m asking for the
answer to the problem." There was a slight hint of laughter in the room,
caused by the instructor's answer.

"The square root of 75," Erik said.

"Alright," she said. "Thank you, Erik. Try to keep up with us next
time."

"Fuck," he thought. "Nice work... I shouldn’t even be in this fucking
class. Missed one goddamn problem on the entrance exam and I have to
retake all this simple bullshit."

Erik saw that Jessica was looking back at him. She smiled shyly and
looked forward again at the instructor. Erik had that shy smile burned
in his head. Suddenly, that same shy smile was on her knees and
unbuttoning his pants back at Erik’s dorm. Jessica was topless wearing a
black thong and Erik was already shirtless himself. He was standing over
Jessica as she pulled out Erik’s cock and slowly slid her lips up and
down the shaft. Jessica grazed over the tip with her tongue on an
upstroke, just like Lara did earlier today. Suddenly, her speed
intensified. Erik’s breathing deepened and his knees startled to buckle.
The tension became too much for him to handle. Erik’s build up was on
the brink. He was ready to release... just as the bell sounded to end
class.

Erik snapped back to reality again noticing that everyone was leaving.
Erik quickly packed up his stuff and walked out. He followed Jessica out
of the door to the classroom, down the hallway, and through the double
doors out of the building. Almost all of the students funneled out to
the bus stop, just as the bus was arriving. Erik followed Jessica on the
bus.

The bus was surprisingly crowded with students. At the next stop, more
students piled in. Erik was now shoulder-to-shoulder with Jessica.
Erik’s confidence level was at an all-time high after his afternoon
encounter with a porn star. "Say something to her," he thought. "It’s
crowded in here," he tried to mutter but was drowned out by the sounds
of the other students and the bus motor as it accelerated to the next
stop.

"Smooth Erik. Real smooth," he thought to himself. There was a sudden
stop, and Erik fell into Jessica before recovering and standing on his
own again. Jessica half-turned and shot him a nasty look. Erik was
wide-eyed. "I’m sorry," he tried to get out just as she was turning
around again. Erik put his head down, defeated, sinking his
self-confidence back down to its normal level.

Erik rode in silence. The bus finally made it to the dorms, and all the
students walked off. Erik watched Jessica walk toward the girl’s side
and into the dorm building. "You pussy," he said to himself. "She was
right there, and you couldn’t even say hi. What the fuck is wrong with
you?"

Erik was hungry, so he decided to walk toward the cafeteria for dinner.
Erik scanned his card at the door and stepped in line. He looked at the
menu displayed on the wall. "Pizza," he read to himself. "Great. Again."
Erik picked up a large slice of pizza and two breadsticks. Then, he
exited the line and saw Bret and Steve sitting together. When Bret
looked up and saw Erik, he waved to Erik to come over to the table. Erik
took a seat and said, "Hey guys."

"Sooooo, how was your first day of school?" Bret asked in a mocking
tone.

"Very strange. But, good, I think," Erik responded.

Erik looked over at Steve who was staring straight ahead at the wall,
nodding his head yes, while eating his food. Erik looked in the
direction Steve was staring and couldn’t see anything. Then he looked at
Bret. "What’s up with him?" Erik asked.

"Him? Oh... He’s high as fuck," Bret responded. Bret turned to Steve and
raised his voice. "Aren’t you, you big dumb fuck?" Steve continued
eating, nodding his head yes.

Erik shook off the oddity and looked up from the table. He scanned the
cafeteria and stopped at the entrance to see Jessica walk in. Erik
noticed her right away and could not stop staring at her. Jessica
entered the line and received her dinner tray. Bret saw Erik was
eyeballing Jessica and watched Erik as he continued his gaze. Jessica
exited the line and then took a seat at a table with two other girls
behind Bret.

Bret kept turning to watch Erik and the subject of Erik’s fixation. Bret
looked on as the girls sat down at the table behind him. Then, Bret
turned back around toward Erik.

"Take a picture. It lasts longer," Bret said to Erik.

"Uh, what?" Erik asked snapping out of his gaze.

"Uhhhhh, wha...," Bret said condescendingly. "You’re totally eye fucking
the hell out of that chick."

"No I wasn’t," Erik said defensively.

"Yes, you were," Bret said. "I saw it. This big, dumbass saw it," as
Bret pointed to Steve who continued to look straight ahead at the wall
while shaking his head yes. "The whole fucking cafeteria just saw that."

"Fuck," Erik said.

"Do you know her?" Bret asked.

"She’s in my classes," Erik said quietly.

"Nice," Bret said. "Lucky you. My classes are full of fat chicks and
dumb jocks that failed out of their classes last year, just like this
jackass here." Bret motioned to Steve again who just shook his head yes
as he continued to eat.

"I’m seeing her everywhere, man," Erik said. "I dunno. It’s kind of
freaking me out."

"Have you tried talking to her yet?" Bret asked.

"Well... I...," Erik started to say. "I’m not the best with girls."

"No one is, but you got to try," Bret said encouragingly. "Just go say
hi."

"And then what?" Erik asked.

"I dunno," Bret said. "Come up with something. Like the weather or some
shit like that."

"I’ve made a fool of myself enough for one day," Erik said. "And, I’ve
got work to do."

"Homework?" Bret asked.

"No, I got a job making a website," Erik said as he started eating.

"NERD!!!," Bret yelled. Erik looked at him insulted. "I’m just fucking
with you man. What kind of website?"

Erik realized that he couldn't say anything else. Erik just met Bret and
Steve. He had no idea how they would react to Erik working on some
girl’s pornographic website. Chances are, they would try to tag along
with him whenever Erik needed to go to Lara’s place, and she would be
pissed off at him for it. "It’s better I just don’t tell them right
now," Erik thought.

"It’s artwork," Erik said quietly.

"Artwork?" Bret asked. "That sounds boring as hell... Why the fuck is
someone building a website for artwork?"

"I don’t know, man," Erik lied. "I’m just trying to make some money over
the summer. What are you guys up to tonight?"

"Well me and this shithead were going to play some new shoot-em-up game
I just got," Erik responded. "Or some football, or something. Ain’t that
right asshole?" Steve continued to nod.

Erik held his hand up to Steve’s eyes and waved it up and down slowly
trying to break Steve’s gaze on the wall. Steve’s eyes didn’t move.

"O... K... Then...," Erik responds. Erik finishes up his dinner and gets
up to leave. "I’ve got to get to work."

"Alright, man," Bret says. "Have fun making your boring shitty website!"

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Erik was watching Lara standing, bouncing her ass up and down on a guy
who was filming the anal sex through a Point-of-view (POV) camera. They
were in Lara’s apartment, and the patio door could be seen behind Lara.
Erik was masturbating furiously until he came and then relaxed into a
slump on his chair. He rested, slouched in the chair at his desk basking
in his after-orgasm calmness. After a couple of moments passed, Erik
grabbed a tissue from a nearby box, cleaned himself up and threw the
tissue in the garbage can. It was the 5th time tonight. He was still
breathing heavily as he pulled his pants back on and brought his
attention back to the list of clips. Erik was able to identify those he
liked versus those he thought were just OK. Furthermore, without looking
at the timestamps on the files, Erik was able to tell which videos Lara
did when she was first starting out in porn versus those that were more
current.

In the earlier videos, she was shy, and the sex acts were very dull. In
the later videos up to the most recent clips, she had no shyness, and
the sex was animalistic. Lara would scream and bounce seductively and
swear, and she looked like a horny crazed woman, dying to be fucked.
Lara had mastered her craft as a porn star in these newer images and
videos. These more recent items were Erik’s favorites.

Erik thought that a supercut of these videos spliced together as a 60
second trailer would be the best advertisement for the subscription
site. Lara had 11 clips ranging from 9 minutes to 25 minutes that met
these criteria. After 6 hours of work, it was after midnight and Erik
was exhausted. He finished his first draft of the site. Erik chose 20
clips to start the site, that were subdivided into four tags: Blowjob,
Facial, Handjob, and Anal.

"This is awesome," he said to himself. "That was a lot easier than I
thought it would be." Erik was proud of the creation after just one day
of work. The website was very simple, but Erik designed it so it would
be relatively effortless for Lara to add new videos and images as she
created them. The site was now set up to have free users and
subscribers. The free users would have access to limited clips and
images while the subscribers could see everything. Lara could easily
move users from free users to subscribers when they paid for a
subscription.

It was now very late, and Erik’s brain was working on overdrive, but
Erik continued working. "The next thing is to find out where I can host
this thing and how to accept the payments," Erik thought. Erik started
to research setting up a payment account, but each time he was stuck.
All of the sites refused to allow porn in their terms of service. He
tried the popular online wallets and several merchant account service
providers. They were all the same: no pornography.

Finally, Erik found one that didn’t look like a scam, but they had a
\$150 startup fee. Erik saw that there might be a way to waive the
startup fee, but he would need to create an account to continue. "This
shouldn’t be in my name anyway," Erik thought. "I’ll talk to Lara about
it. She is going to need to signup and deal with the startup fee. Then,
she can give me the information, and I’ll configure it on her site. I
still have more to do before I need this, anyway." Erik yawned. Erik
looked at the clock and realized that he would need to wake up for class
in only a few short hours. Erik was just about to close the laptop lid,
but then stopped. "Well, one more couldn’t hurt," Erik thought. Erik
navigated back to Lara’s website and went to the Anal tag. Then, he
pulled down his pants and began masturbating for the 6th time that
night.
