Chapter 6
=========

<br />

The next morning, Erik was stirring in bed, under his bedsheet. He
casually glances over at the clock. Erik blinks and then jolts awake. He
forgot to set his alarm before falling asleep. "Shit!," he said out
loud. Erik jumped out of bed. The head rush disoriented him. He was
completely naked except for his socks and even after a night full of
masturbation, he had morning wood. Erik ran to his dresser drawer, but
when he turned toward the dresser and tried to stop, his dizziness made
him fall over to the side into his closet with a crash. "Ow," Erik said
out loud. Erik flailed around until he found his footing and pulled
himself out of the closet, shaking his head before opening the dresser.

After Erik dressed for the day, he ran out of the building just as the
bus pulled away. "Shit!," he says to himself. "Alright, I’ve got 20
minutes to get there.," he thinks as he turns to run. Erik runs down the
sidewalk towards his class.

The morning sun was hot, and the summer air was dense with humidity.
Within a minute of running, Erik could already feel a layer of sweat
forming around him. After another moment, he could feel the sweat on his
face. Erik continued running until he was overheated and out of breath.
Erik’s pace slowed to a walk. "15 min left," he thought as he checked
his phone.

He sped up and slowed down, sped up and slowed down. Erik continued this
all the way to class. He walked into the building with 1 minute to
spare. The crisp, cold feel of the building’s air conditioning hit Erik
with a wave of relief. Erik rushed the water fountain across from the
doorway and gulped down as much water as he was able to swallow in 30
seconds. Then, he maneuvered his face and head into the stream to cool
down. Water poured on the floor into a puddle. Erik stood up, took the
bottom of his shirt, and wiped his face down as he briskly walked to his
classroom. Erik's mouth and hair were dripping with water, and drenched
in sweat. Erik’s shoe slipped slightly on the floor as he walked because
he stepped in the puddle as he turned away from the fountain.

As Erik entered the classroom, everyone was seated looking forward. The
instructor had just said, "Good morning" as Erik set foot into the room.
The water dripping from his face forced Erik to wipe his eyes constantly
so he could see. As Erik turned the corner in the classroom, his foot
slipped, and his legs came out underneath him. He fell backward and
landed on the floor with his backpack between his back and the tile.
Erik heard a crack in his back as he landed with a massive thud.
Everyone looked at him in amazement, seeing another wet student enter
the room just as class was starting for the second day in a row. Erik
shot back up to his feet, wide-eyed. He hurried to his seat and sat down
without saying a word, keeping his eyes down.

The instructor wasn’t sure what to say at the sight of Erik, stumbling
into his room. "Hot one out there today," the instructor quipped as Erik
looked up, finally able to relax and catch his breath. "Alright
everyone," the instructor continued, today we're talking about your
brain. This is your brain." The instructor pointed to a projection that
showed an image of the human brain. "To put it more accurately, this is
your brain asleep. Many researchers believe that dreams manifest in the
sleeping brain when your frontal cortex is inactive. This is how your
dreams are developed from your subconscious mind and not your conscious
mind. So, let's dig deeper into this analysis."

Slowly, the students broke their gaze on Erik and faced forward toward
the instructor as the lesson started, except for Jessica. Jessica looked
back and gave Erik a quick smirk before looking back to the instructor.
Suddenly, Erik was standing over Jessica with his cock hanging over her
head. Jessica was kneeling down on the floor just in front of him. She
was giving him that same flirtatious smirk as Erik’s breathing became
heavy. Jessica was slowly jerking him off. She was licking and sucking
on Erik’s balls while stroking his cock with her right hand, and holding
him by his ass with her left hand. All the while, she gave him that same
flirtatious look. Within a minute, he came all over her face. Erik
blinked and shook himself out of the dream state, realizing that Jessica
was no longer looking at him and everyone was passing forward their
homework from the night before. Erik reached into his backpack and did
the same.

After class, Erik followed several other students out of the building
and back to the bus stop. The clear blue sky allowed the sun to shine
brightly overhead. Erik was standing behind Jessica at the bus stop, who
was also waiting for the bus. "C’mon you pussy," Erik said to himself.
"Say something. Anything... Just open your fucking mouth and say ‘Hi’."

Erik was panic-stricken, yet again. "Hi," Erik managed to say very
softly. Jessica looked to her left, and then looked forward again. "Say
it louder," he thought. "Hi," he said louder as the noise of the bus
driving into the bus stop drowned him out. Just then, another student
from class walked over to Jessica and began a conversation with her.
Erik felt like he was just punched in the gut. "What the fuck!?" he said
to himself. "Who the fuck is this guy?"

Everyone entered the bus. Jessica found a seat and the student she was
talking to sat next to her. There were no other open seats around, so
Erik had to keep walking to the back. Erik kept trying to look around to
see Jessica and her new "friend," but he wasn’t able to see them. On the
short ride back to the dorms, Erik constantly moved his head around
trying to look through gaps between people’s heads. He tried looking
over by standing up a little. Then he glanced over at the person sitting
next to him who was giving him a strange look.

"You lost something?" the guy sitting next to Erik asks him. "Uh, no,"
Erik sat down completely sullen. "Fuck," Erik thought. "Next time, just
hand your balls to the guy next to you. He can do more with them then
you can." The bus pulled up to Erik’s stop, and Erik exited.

Erik was wet with sweat. He felt like a greasy mess, so he walked back
into the dorm and went up to his room. He took off his clothes and
wrapped a towel around himself. Then, he put on a pair of flip-flops,
grabbed his shower basket with his soap and shampoo, and then walked to
the bathrooms.

He entered the door and walked to his left past the sinks. There stood
Steve who was completely soaked dripping water everywhere. He was naked
except for a towel wrapped around his waist, which was also soaked and
dripping water.

"Hey," Erik said as he walked past Steve who was watching himself slowly
brush his teeth in the mirror. Steve didn’t budge from his position or
his activity. He didn’t even acknowledge that Erik entered the bathroom,
he just kept brushing his teeth. As Erik passed by, Erik's reflection in
the mirror caught Steve's attention. Steve paused brushing with the
toothbrush in his mouth. He stared at Erik as his eyes began to narrow.

Erik walked into the shower area and turned on the faucets. As he
showered, he couldn’t stop thinking of Jessica. Soon, she was right
there with him in the shower. They were kissing passionately. Then,
Jessica turned around, and Erik entered her from behind. While they were
having sex, Lara suddenly showed up behind them. Lara pressed up to
Erik’s back and the two made out as Erik fucked Jessica from behind.
Lara’s right hand moved down her stomach, and she began to finger
herself in the shower. With her left hand, she pressed hard against
Erik, rubbing her tits on him. They continued having a threesome as the
water rained over them. After some time, they decided to switch it up.
Jessica’s back went to the shower and Lara faced her, pressing up
against Jessica, and Lara fingered Jessica as the two girls made out.
Erik’s head went to Lara’s neck, kissing and sucking as he fucked Lara
from behind. They were all moaning and shrieking with delight.
Eventually, he pulled out, and both girls bent down for a cumshot on
their face. Erik looked up and closed his eyes as he came all over the
corner of the shower, alone by himself...

He finished showering and then dried himself off with the towel. He
walked back into the area with the sinks and mirrors. As Erik turned the
corner, he was startled that Steve was still there, slowly brushing his
teeth. The wet towel had fallen off of Steve, and he was standing there
naked. There was a small pool of water underneath Steve that circled
around the towel beneath him. A slow trail of blood mixed with saliva
was coming down the corner of his mouth.

"You OK Steve?" Erik asked.

"Hmm," Steve grunted.

"Steve?" Erik said louder.

"Yeah," Steve answered.

"If you brush too much, you’ll start bleeding," Erik said.

"What?" Steve asked.

"If you brush your teeth too long, you’ll scratch your gums and they
will bleed," Erik said.

"OK," Steve said. Steve continued brushing his teeth as a dribble of
blood flowed faster down his mouth. Steve saw it come down in the
mirror. Then he looked in the sink Steve stopped brushing and looked at
his toothbrush, which was covered with a much darker tint of blood red.

"I’m bleeding," Steve said calmly.

"You should stop," Erik said alarmed.

"OK," Steve said. Steve turned toward the doorway and walked to his room
naked, leaving the towel on the floor behind him.

Erik watched Steve walk down the hall into his room. Bret stepped out of
his room and stood there with Erik, watching the naked Steve walk away.

"There’s something wrong with him," Erik said.

"He’ll be alright," Bret said.

"Maybe you should stop giving him drugs," Erik said concerned.

"Maybe you should mind your own fucking business," Bret shot back giving
Erik a narrowing look.

"He’ll figure things out, and he’ll be alright," Bret said after an
uneasy stare down. "Just give him time." "For what?" Erik asked.

"He has his own shit that he can take," Bret said. "I can’t stop him
from taking them. He’s going to do whatever he wants. It doesn’t matter
what I give him."

"Sounds kind of dangerous," Erik said.

"You drink right?" Bret asked.

"Umm, yeah," Erik said. "Sometimes."

"And sometimes you get fucked up right?" Bret continued.

"Yeah," Erik said.

"Same thing," Bret finished. "Different drug."

"I guess man," Erik said. "I don’t do any of that shit. He just looks
really messed up."

"He’ll be fine," Bret said. "Hey, what are you doing right now?"

"Uh, I have to finish my math homework before the next class," Erik
said. "If I have time left over, I still have to work more on the
website I’ve been building," Erik said.

"Oh yeah," Bret responded. "That boring shit. If you’re free tonight,
game tournament?"

"What game?" Erik asked.

"Hoops," Bret said.

"Naw, I’m not into basketball games," Erik said. "I’m a shooter kind of
guy."

"I bet you are," Bret said jokingly. "Anyway, after dinner, my room...
If you can make it."

"Thanks," Erik said. "I’ll see if I have time."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Erik waited at the bus stop in front of the dorm. When the bus arrived,
Erik entered the bus and rode it to his math class. At the stop, he
exited the bus and walked to his class. He sat down and waited patiently
for Jessica to walk in.

And then... she did. "Damn," Erik thought to himself as Jessica entered
the room in what appeared to be slow motion in Erik’s head. It was the
moment Erik had been waiting for since this morning. His eyes moved up
and down her body, concentrating on her every movement. She wore the
same blue, tight, short sleeve button up shirt with cutoff jean shorts
that she wore in the morning. She had sexy legs that exemplified the
same confidence in her walk as the other motions in her body, including
the warm yet commanding look she gave walking toward her seat. To Erik,
she owned the room when she walked through the door; all eyes were on
her.

In reality, Erik was fixated on Jessica. He lusted for her whenever he
saw her. Erik knew nothing about this girl, just that he couldn’t stop
thinking about fucking her when he looked at her. This feeling wasn’t
new to Erik. There were several girls that Erik became fixated on
through his High school years. Erik would put these girls on a pedestal,
and they became "larger than life" figures to him. He was in awe while
in their presence, and he would be paralyzed with fear whenever they
were near him.

Jessica took her seat in the class and faced forward. Jessica didn’t
look backward, and she didn’t smile at Erik when she walked in. "Did I
do something wrong?" Erik questioned himself. "Why won’t she look at me?
C’mon. Just turn around. I just want to see your smile again."

Erik’s gaze was piercing. He concentrated on Jessica, trying to speak to
her with his mind. "Turn around," he thought again. The class started,
and Jessica continued looking ahead, concentrating on the instructor.
During the entire class, she didn’t look back at him once. "Does she
think I’m a creep or something?" Erik said to himself.

Erik sat through class staring a hole through Jessica. He was
daydreaming again, except now his daydreams weren’t pleasurable.
Instead, he was pleading with Jessica to give him another chance. Erik
had upset Jessica in some way and Jessica was walking away from Erik.
"Whatever I did," he said in his daydream. "I can fix it! I promise! I
can change!."

The students stood up, shaking Erik out of his daydream. He felt in a
somber mood as if he just broke up with his girlfriend. "Maybe I should
try and talk to her again," Erik thought. "Maybe I can still change her
mind. But what the fuck do I say? What... I just... What the fuck? I
haven’t even said more than ten words to her, and I don’t even know if
she heard them."

Erik waited at the bus stop behind Jessica, feeling like he was going to
cry. The bus pulled up, everyone entered, and Erik sat across from
Jessica. The bus pulled away from the stop, on its way back to the
dorms. Jessica was looking at her phone and Erik was staring a hole
through her, looking miserable like he was about to ball his eyes out at
any second. Jessica felt the eyes on her, and she glanced up from her
phone at Erik. Erik was stunned by the sudden glance. His eyes became
wide, and he quickly moved his eyes and head away from her. Jessica
stared at him for a second, trying to understand why he looked so sad.

Erik’s eyes met Jessica’s again who was still looking at him. She smiled
slightly and then looked down back at her phone. The smile warmed Erik’s
heart. He let go of a deep sigh, looked down and smiled to himself. He
wanted to look up again and stare at Jessica, but he didn’t know what to
do if she was looking at him again. And he didn’t want to make her feel
uncomfortable with him. Erik thought if she saw him staring a hole
through her that she might think he’s creepy, so Erik kept his head down
for the rest of the ride.

After dinner, Erik was working on Lara’s website. Erik already made it
functional the night before, but it was very rough around the edges. The
website was still lacking several features that Lara wanted. It didn’t
look the best, and it wasn’t ready for Lara to see. On top of that,
there was no way to make any money from the website, so Erik was still
far from completion.

Erik was trying to concentrate on what he was doing, but he couldn’t.
His mind kept drifting to Jessica. "I’ve got to block this out," he
thought. So, Erik hit himself with the drug that always worked the best,
porn. He started looking through Lara’s videos for one that he thought
would do the job. Then he took off his pants and started masturbating.
"She looks so good in this one," Erik thought to himself. "But, I need
more of this."

It took Erik longer this time since he had already watched this video
almost ten times. But eventually, he came. He cleaned himself up, put
his pants back on and then tried going back to working on the website
itself. Again, Erik couldn’t concentrate. He was his own worst enemy
tonight. Erik’s mind couldn’t stay on topic. It would continuously drift
to anything and everything. Thoughts of Lara, thoughts of Jessica,
thoughts of TV shows, movies. Anything but the website.

Finally, Erik gave up. Erik walked out of the room and knocked on Bret’s
door. When he walked in, he saw Bret and Steve playing a split screen
racing game. "Yo," Bret said as he saw Erik enter.

"I thought it was Basketball night," Erik said.

"Yeah, but bag of shit over here can’t pull his head out of his ass, so
we’re playing something easier for him," Bret said.

Erik could see that the first player was navigating the track very well
and was in the lead. There were ten cars on the road, and the first
player was in a dogfight with two other vehicles to hold the top spot.
The bottom screen showed another car that kept slamming into the sides,
using the walls as a guide to continue heading in the right direction.

Erik looked at Steve. He was staring at the TV, but his eyes were heavy,
and he looked like he was going to fall asleep just sitting there. Erik
watched him in amazement wondering why Steve kept doing this to himself.

"Pop a squat, man," Bret said to Erik. "You can play winner. Crash Happy
over here needs a break." Just then, the first player raced past the
finish line and shortly after so did all the other cars, except Steve’s.
The game switched screens, giving Steve the automatic last place since
he was the only one that hadn’t crossed the finish line.

"Bedtime," Steve said slowly. Steve put the controller on the floor and
carefully got up. Once he collected himself, he gave Erik the reverse
head nod and walked toward the door. He exited Bret’s room and went to
his own.

"You know how to play this?" Bret asked.

"Yeah," Erik responded. Bret handed him the controller.

"Alright," here we go.

The game started up, and the cars sped away from the starting line.
Suddenly, Bret’s phone sounded with a notification. Right after the
"ding" of the notification sounded, Bret paused the game.

"Hold on," Bret said, picking up his phone and responding to the text
message that he received.

"OK," he said, putting down the phone and unpausing the game. A minute
later, there was another notification.

"Hold on," Bret said again, pausing the game and picking up his phone.
He responded to the text message.

"Alright," Bret said unpausing the game once more. A moment later, the
same familiar "ding" sounded to notify Bret of another message.

"Or for fuck sake," Bret said, pausing the game and picking up the
phone. Bret looked at the message. "Just shut up and say yes." Bret
wrote another message and sent it.

"Ah, fuck it," Bret said throwing down the phone. He unpaused the game
and the two continued racing.

"What's all that about?" Erik asked, curious about the flurry of texts
that Bret received.

"This fucking girl I met yesterday," Bret responded. "I got her number
and I've been trying to get her to come over, but she's acting like a
tease."

"Is she just not interested?" Erik asked as he took a hard turn in the
game, digging into a rail. "Fuck," he muttered under his breath.

"If she wasn't why did she give me her actual number?" Bret said.

"Are you sure she did?" Erik asked.

"Well, I’m texting her, and she said..." Bret started to say. "But...
Fuck... Well, now I'm not sure. Thanks, asshole."

"Sorry," Erik said looking over at Bret briefly before returning his
eyes to the race.

"I'm just fucking with you," Bret said with a smirk. "You got any girl
friends, that are single?"

"I don't really have any friends that are girls," Erik responded,
feeling awkward as he said it.

"So, are you gay, or something?" Bret asked.

"No," Erik said defensively.

"Bi?" Bret asked again.

"No," Erik said, less defensively.

"Confused?" Bret said jokingly.

"No," Erik said firmly. "I'm straight."

"So, what's the problem?" Bret asked. "Go talk to some girls and make
some friends."

"I really don't know how," Erik responded.

"Well, you start by saying hi," Bret said. "Then, you ask them if their
tits are real. Then, ask them if they do anal. Before you know it, you
got yourself a girlfriend."

Erik wasn’t sure what to say to Bret’s statement. He thought it was kind
of funny, in a stupid childish way.

"I'm fucking with you," Bret said glancing over at Erik, recognizing the
conflicted look on Erik’s face. "Lighten up man. You're too easy to fuck
with."

Erik finally smiled and laughed to himself. The 2 played video games for
an hour, talking and laughing the entire time. Erik found Bret very easy
to talk to and thought he was funny. Bret always had a quick-witted joke
about everything. Bret said things that Erik wasn’t clever enough to
think of and Erik found him amusing in a childish sort of way. Erik
admired this ability: the confidence to say what was on your mind and to
say in a way where it was funny and non-threatening. Erik was always
afraid that his own words and thoughts would never be interpreted
correctly by the people around him. This was the biggest reason that
Erik stayed silent around pretty much everyone.

This fun break away from Erik’s work allowed him to refocus. Erik was
able to calm his mind and eventually told Bret that he should head to
sleep. Bret said goodbye and Erik walked back to his room.

Then, Erik went back to work on Lara’s website, with a clear head.
