Chapter 8
=========

<br />

The next morning, Erik awoke and checked his phone. There was a response
from Lara. "You are the best! Come over now!"

Erik had a smile on his face reading the text. "See, I can win her
over," Erik thought. Erik showered, jerked off, dressed and walked to
Lara’s apartment. She opened the door with excitement and pulled him
inside.

Erik opened the website on her computer and showed her how it worked. He
processed a test payment as a new user and taught her everything that
the new website had to offer. Lara was so happy.

After Erik finished showing Lara everything he felt that she needed to
know, he said: "OK, it’s done. Now, I need the money."

Lara looked at him. "I don’t have it," she said.

"Lara," Erik started to respond.

"You came over too early," Lara responded. Erik looked disappointed.
"Look, I can pay you 100 now, and I can pay you more next week."

"Next week?" Erik said getting more upset. "I can’t wait that long. I
need the full 350 to pay off the credit card."

"I don’t have that," Lara said sternly. "And, it’s a credit card. You
won’t get the bill for another couple weeks."

"But," Erik became even more visibly upset. "But, I need the money for
it so I can pay it off when I get the bill. I can’t fall into debt over
the summer when I should have had a job to save money in the first
place!"

"You’re not going into debt over \$350," Lara said condescendingly. "You
should see all the debt I’m in after being in college for three years."

"FUCK!!!," Erik screamed internally. "What the fuck!? I fucking knew it!
She’s trying to rip me off! Why is she doing this to me?? What the
fuck!!!???"

"I need the money Lara," Erik said defiantly. "I need it now. I’m done
with your website and I want my money."

"Calm down big dick," Lara said. "I will have your money next week. Why
don’t you just take your pants off, I’ll blow you again, and you can
stop acting like a little bitch."

Lara’s comments disarmed Erik. "Uh, um, uh, wha?" Erik asked. Lara
walked up to him and unbuttoned his pants. Erik was frozen. He just
looked at her dumbfounded. Then she knelt down and started to give Erik
a blowjob. Erik’s emotions were all over the place. He was angry with
Lara, yet she still managed to make him putty in her hands. Erik was
conflicted, but the sensation of Lara’s mouth on his cock melted away
his fears and anger. Finally, he calmed down enough to enjoy himself.

Erik’s internal dialogue kicked into gear. "Is she into me or is this
just some sort of porn trick to get me to foot the bill?" Erik asked
himself. Lara’s tongue grazed over the tip of Erik’s cock. "On second
thought, I don’t give a shit. This is fucking amazing," Erik thought to
himself. Erik looked up and saw a red sweater on the counter. The color
reminded him of the video that he watched, with Lara fucking a guy
wearing the whip cream bikini, the red cowboy hat, and the red cowboy
boots.

Something broke free in Erik’s head. Maybe it was the little anxiety
induced rollercoaster ride that pushed feelings of fear and anger onto
him, only to have them quickly washed away with the opposite passions of
lust and desire. Maybe it was the fact that he had just built a
professional website in under a week and his client loved it so much
that she’s repaying him in sexual favors. Or, maybe it was the fact that
right here and now, Lara’s lips were doing their magic on Erik’s cock
for the 2nd time this week. Whatever the reason, Erik felt a new sense
of power that he only felt when hacking or gaming alone. The difference
was he felt power over someone else who was right there next to him.
And, that person was a hot woman who was sucking his cock at this very
moment.

"I watched your cowgirl video," Erik said boldly. Lara stopped and
looked up at him, holding his cock to the side.

"Did you like it?" she asked.

"I fucking loved it," he answered.

"I still have the cowboy hat," Lara said smiling. "And the boots." Erik
smiled. Lara took this as a cue and stood up. She adjusted the futon to
lay flat in the bed position. Then, she pushed Erik on the bed and
ripped down his pants to his ankles. Lara walked to the closet and
grabbed the hat and boots. Then, she walked to the bathroom.

The sudden change in action paralyzed Erik who was now frozen on the
bed, waiting for what was to come next. His mind was on overdrive. He
was like a kid on Christmas, waiting to open his gift. His heart was
pounding out of his chest, and the wait was killing him. He looked
around trying to think of what he should do next.

Erik fought with his pants to kick them off his ankles. Then, he pulled
off his shirt and tried to straighten his hair. He was lying on the bed
wearing nothing but his socks, trying to find a seductive pose, but
unable to find a position where he felt comfortable and sexy. The cat
jumped on the corner of the bed and stared at Erik. Erik was startled
and stared back.

After a minute, the bathroom door swung open. Erik panicked and
completely straightened his body up with his arms down to his sides and
held the position. The cat jumped down and disappeared. Lara slowly
walked out of the bathroom wearing a red cowboy hat, red cowboy boots,
red lipstick, and nothing else, holding a red condom in her hand. Erik
noticed that Lara wasn’t wearing all the other makeup or the whip cream
like in the video. "There’s no whip cream, but she still looks fucking
incredible," Erik thought.

Lara threw the condom onto Erik’s stomach. "Saddle up," she said coyly.

Erik grabbed the condom and looked at Lara who had a devilish smile on
her face.

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," Erik’s mind raced. "This can’t be
fucking real! I must be fucking dreaming. Holy shit! I’m going to fuck
her. We’re going to have sex. This is amazing! I’m going to have sex
with a porn star!"

Erik never wanted something so badly in his life. His hands trembled as
he fumbled with the condom, trying to open it up. Lara walked over to
her desk and picked up a remote control and her phone. She turned on her
stereo system. Suddenly, a country-western stripper anthem that Erik
knew well blared through the speakers. The song was about girls who like
to have sex with cowboys.

"OK, this has to be a dream," Erik thought. "This is too perfect. She’s
too perfect. I’m...." Erik’s thought was cut off when Lara walked over
and grabbed the condom. Lara opened it and then she put in on Erik. "I
love you," Erik thought as Lara was running her hands down his cock to
slide the condom down. "I fucking love you."

Lara straddled Erik on the bed and put his cock inside her. She bounced
up and down as her tits bounced with the movement. Lara made slow groans
as she reached down to rub her clit. Erik’s eyes were full of lust and
love. His emotions were mixed which intensified the moment for him even
more. To Erik, what he was doing right here and now was the best thing
that could ever happen to a guy like him. He did not want this to stop,
ever.

Erik was rock hard. He couldn’t take it anymore. Even after masturbating
this morning, sex with Lara brought him to the brink too fast. Erik
concentrated: "Think unsexy thoughts. Think unsexy thoughts. Garbage.
Vomit. Diarrhea. Dirty diapers. Fuck! No! Not working!"

Erik sat up to slow the pace. Lara continued to grind on him. Lara’s
eyes were closed, and her slow sexy moans made Erik’s mind go crazy. He
felt like a stud. "She’s so beautiful," Erik thought. Erik leaned in and
kissed Lara on the lips.

"Eww... What the fuck?" Lara said pulling away from Erik.

"What?" Erik asked confused.

"What are you doing?" Lara said.

"Nothing," Erik responded.

"You kissed me," said Lara.

"Uh, yeah I guess I did."

"Don't," Lara said.

"Don't?', Erik questioned.

"Don't kiss me," confirmed Lara.

"OK, why?" Erik asked.

"Because, we aren't like that," Lara said.

"OK.... I'm sorry," Erik said confused. Erik now wasn’t sure what was
happening. The one thing he did know was that he didn’t want this to
end.

"It's fine...," Lara said trying to shrug off the exchange. "You can
play with my tits, maybe a finger in the ass, if that's your thing, but
don't do anything crazy... like don't kiss me...."

"A finger in the ass?" Erik questioned.

"Yeah, just don't kiss me," Lara confirmed.

"O...K....," Erik said slowly.

"And one finger... Not two... That shit hurts," Lara said. Erik was
still very confused, yet he was mustering some courage to say something
else to lighten the mood since things went in a completely different
direction with a simple kiss.

"How about my penis?" Erik said shyly with a smile.

"Don't push your luck," Lara responded.

"OK," Erik said.

"And don't call it your penis...," Lara continued. "Sounds like you’re a
doctor... Call it, your cock."

"Or my meat stick?" Erik said jokingly, again trying to get Lara to let
her guard down. "How about tallywhacker?"

Lara stares at him coldly, not moving.

"Do you seriously not want to fuck me right now?" Lara asked sternly.

"No, no...," Erik pleaded. "I'm sorry, just keep going." Erik was
extremely confused, but his lust for Lara kept him focused on the
activity at hand.

"Just lay back, shut the fuck up, and enjoy the ride," Lara said.

Erik followed Lara's command. He leaned back, and Lara slowly bounced up
and down. Then, faster and faster. With the intensity, Lara’s hat fell
off onto Erik’s face, closing him off from the world, so Erik saw
nothing but red. And then, Erik came.

Erik was in heaven. The hat fell off of Erik’s face, revealing the
biggest smile that he’s ever had. Lara was still bouncing on top of Erik
and rubbing her clit. She was breathing heavily, and she had a high
pitched moan that Erik found incredibly sexy. And then, she came,
convulsing on top of him. Lara released a scream of delight and Erik
could feel her contracting around his cock. The sensation felt amazing.
Then, she collapsed on top of Erik, moving the hat back on his face. She
laid there on top of him for a few seconds. Erik moved the hat and
breathed in her sweet smell. Erik caressed Lara’s back, feeling even
closer to her.

Suddenly, Lara rolled off of him onto her back, still breathing heavily.
"She just fucked my brains out," Erik thought to himself. "A fucking
porn star literally just ripped my pants off and fucked my brains out."
Erik still couldn’t believe it even though he consciously lived through
the whole event. Erik felt like a pornstar himself, having been seduced
by the woman in need of his services. This feeling boosted his ego to
new heights that had never before been reached, and for the first time
in his life, Erik felt like a sex object. And, he liked it.

Eventually, Lara’s breathing slowed back to normal. Then, she shot up
and looked at him. Erik still had the smile on his face. "You ready to
get back to work now cowboy?" Lara said with a serious tone, but a
playful smile on her face.

"Yeah...," Erik gasped still smiling.

"Great!," Lara said jumping out of bed and walking back into the
bathroom. Erik sat up on the bed and watched Lara walk into the
bathroom.

"I think I’m in love," Erik said to himself. "She’s absolutely
incredible. She’s... She’s everything I could ever want." Erik’s
confused emotions of lust and desire combined with an abnormally high
self-esteem boost clouded his judgment. At this moment, Lara could have
just about asked him to do anything, and Erik would have said yes
followed by, "I love you."

Erik looked over and noticed that perched on the counter was the cat, in
full view of the futon and grinning. "Did it just watch us have sex?"
Erik thought. "What the fuck is going on with this cat?"

Erik felt uncomfortable by the cat’s piercing stare, especially since he
was naked. Erik put his clothes back on. Then, Erik walked back over to
the desk ignoring the cat. When he sat down, he looked over, and the cat
was gone. Lara came out of the bathroom with her clothes on. Lara walked
over to the desk and turned the computer screen on. Erik couldn’t stop
staring at Lara. He had a massive smile on his face, and his eyes were
full of love. Lara stopped suddenly and looked back at him confused.

"Why are you staring at me like that?" she asked.

"I was... Looking into your eyes. You have very beautiful eyes.," he
responded.

"You don’t have to do that."

"Do what?"

"The boyfriend, complement shit. Don’t do that."

"But I think you are..." "Just stop... Just, help me..."

"OK..."

"This woman is a dream come true," Erik thought. Erik leaned in and
kissed Lara on her cheek. She moved her hand from the keyboard and
smacked him in the face.

Erik was surprised by the quick and adverse reaction to his loving
gesture. Then, he thought that she was just being playful. So, Erik
decided to try again. He moved in and kissed her on the cheek once more.
And again, the smack came swiftly and even harder than the first.

"Stop!," she yelled.

"Ow!," Erik said.

She gave him a stern look. He smiled and then moved in once more kissing
her on the lips. This time she grabbed his nipple and twisted it as hard
as she could.

"Ahhhhh!," Erik screamed like a woman.

"Asshole!," she muttered as she continued to type on the computer. "Stop
acting like a little bitch and help me."
