Chapter 10
==========

<br />

Erik went back to his room. He was still pissed off after dinner with
Steve and Bret. Erik locked his door and opened his laptop. He sat down
in his computer chair. Just as he began typing, his phone notified him
of a new message. The message came from Erik’s gaming network app. The
message itself was from a user named Roger\_Dodger, and the message
said: "You’re late again! Log on now!"

"Oh Fuck!" Erik said out loud. Erik turned on his gaming console and put
on his headset. He rushed into a party chat as he loaded up "Guns
A-Blazing". "I’m sorry guys. I got held up!" Erik said quickly over the
party chat.

"Can you ever make it on time?" username LordRats said.

"At least now we don’t have to forfeit," username HeadCase said.

"K, get into the squadron in-game. We only have 5 minutes left, "
username Roger\_Dodger said.

The text on the screen said, "Kire has entered the squadron." Kire was
Erik’s username on the game network. Everyone called him "K" for short.

Erik joined his other companions: Roger\_Dodger (Roge for short),
LordRats (Rat for short), and HeadCase (Case for short). Together, they
made up the team "Prodigy" on the multiplayer game "Guns A-Blazing".
They were a four-person squadron that played in the amateur e-Sports
division of "Guns A-Blazing (also called G.A.B. or gab for short).

GAB was Erik’s favorite game. He was obsessed with it. Every day after
school, he would come home and play for at least 2 hours. He was very
skilled at the game now and knew every corner of every map.

GAB had different multiplayer game modes, but the preferred e-Sports
game mode was "Seek and Destruct" which featured two sides: Offense and
Defense. The objective of the game if you were on Offense was to plant a
bomb at one of the two bomb sites located on the map. If you planted the
bomb, it would explode in 60 seconds. Once the bomb exploded, the
Offense won the round. If you played Defense, you tried to stop the
Offense from planting the bomb. If the Offense planted the bomb, your
objective was to defuse it before it exploded. The bomb took 7 seconds
to defuse once a player on the Defense started to defuse it.

Each round lasted 2 minutes. You played until the time ran out, the
objective was met or until all players on the opposing side were dead
and the bomb was either not planted or defused. Typical e-Sports rules
were to play a best of 7 rounds (the first team to win four rounds will
win the match).

Every Sunday night, "Prodigy" played in a weekly E-Sports tournament.
The tournament was a 16-team single elimination tournament, which means
if you lost a game you were out. Winning the tournament moved up the
team’s global rank. Merely competing in the tournament helped with
rankings as well, as long you didn’t lose in the first round.

The full squadron joined the lobby with their first challengers of the
night, "Underworld."

"These guys again?" Rat said. "How many times do we have to kick their
ass before they just pack it up and go home?"

"Didn’t we shut them out three weeks ago?" Case said.

"Yeah, but the last round was a clutch comeback," Roge said. "All you
assholes got yourselves killed and left it up to me to take them all on
1 v 4, with the bomb planted."

"Oh yeah, how could I forget?" Rat said. "It was the single greatest
moment of your life."

"Damn straight," Roge responded. "Just don’t let them sneak up on you
again K."

"Yeah, yeah," Erik said. "Just make sure your milk is warm enough for
your victory drink old man." Case and Rat started laughing. They were
still in High School. Roge was the oldest of the group in his
mid-twenties, and the team razzed him about it whenever they had the
chance.

"Thanks for that," Roge said. "Now, get ready. We are on defense first."

The timer sounded down in game: "Launching in, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1:
Launch!!!!" As the players launched into the arena, Roge’s voice came
over the speakers.

"Alright, everyone stick to your routes... Flanks, keep us updated. K,
take the lead; I'll cover you..."

"Roger, Roger..."

The first round started. Erik ran out front behind the first cover
point. Roge followed to the second position. "Westwall check," Case
said. "Eastwatch check," Rat said. Roge and Erik continued to cover each
other until they made it to the middle of the map. Then, they split into
two opposite directions. Erik ran towards bombsite A and Roge toward
bombsite B.

"2 at Westwa.." Case said, but his comm died before he could complete
his callout, indicating he was killed. "2 at .." Rat began to call out,
but his comm died as well. "We're all alone K," Roge said. "Stay al...
B!" Roge's comm went dead. Erik checked the scoreboard. Case managed to
get a kill before he died but it was three on one against Erik. "The
bomb has been planted," the game said over Erik's headset. Erik was at
bomb site A, so he knew the bomb was at B. Erik started to make his way
to B. 45 seconds remained as Erik cautiously stepped to the side entry
to the hall of the bomb site. He could see the bomb, but there were five
entrances to the room. This first opening was not covered, but Erik knew
as soon as he entered, the firefight with the remaining three opponents
would begin.

Erik decided to backup and try another entryway where there was a better
line of sight. As soon as he turned around, a sniper's bullet met him in
the chest, and the score screen appeared "0 - 1". "Nice one K," Case
said as the comms of his other dead fellow teammates returned now that
the round had ended. "I didn't see him," Erik responded.

The replay of the final kill was showing how the opponent had Erik in
his cross-hairs of the sniper for several seconds before making the
shot. "He was playing with you," Rat said. "Shake it off guys," Roge
said. "Get ready for the next round."

The next round started, and the team took their spots. "4 going to B,"
Case said. Erik started firing at the opening, but again a sniper took
him out. "Damnit!" Erik yelled at the TV. Erik watched as the rest of
his team ran toward bombsite B as the bomb was being planted. First,
Case was taken out. Next, Roge. It was four on 1. Rat took his time and
saw one sniper looking at the entrance to bombsite B. Rat killed him
with his sniper rifle. He continued forward and saw another sniper on
the roof of a building. Rat quickscoped this 2nd sniper. As he was
ejecting the cartridge from the chamber, another sniper from the other
team took him out. The score screen reappeared "0 - 2".

"Inconceivable!" Rat yelled out.

"Oh, so close..." Case said condescendingly. "Hey, at least I got 2 of
them," Rat responded. "You needed two more," Roge said as the video of
the final kill started. "I can't take them all on myself," Rat said.
"Pickup your game old man."

The screen displayed the message: "Switching sides," indicating that
they would be playing Offense the next round.

"Alright, everyone rush B," Roge said. The match started, and Erik
picked up the bomb. The entire team took one of the five entryways into
bomb site B.

"Keep an eye out," Erik said. "I'm running up the middle."

"The odds of...," Case started.

"Never tell me the odds...," Erik said as he rushed to the bomb site.
The 5th entryway contained the entire opposing team, which proceeded to
gun down everyone on Erik's team all at once, starting with Erik.

"Inconceivable!" Rat yelled out again.

"Fuck!" Roger screamed as the score screen reappeared "0 - 3".

"Well that didn't go well," Case said. "Next time, don’t go all Solo on
us."

"Did you see any of them when we rushed in?" Rat said as the final kill
video displayed.

"K, what the fuck is up with you tonight?" Roge yelled. "We're three
rounds in and you still have a goose egg."

"I must be a little rusty," Erik said.

"You better get your ass to practice this week," Roge said sharply.
"This is fucking bullshit." The screen changed over to start the next
round.

"Same thing," Roge said. "Rush B." This time Erik planted the bomb then
trenched himself in the corner of the lower level. Everyone was
frustrated and tense. They weren’t communicating with each other on the
comms, but Erik could see the outcomes to the firefights scrolling on
the lower part of the screen. Case killed one on the opposite team and
then was killed. Next, Rat was killed. Roge managed to kill two, and
then was killed. It was now 1 v 1 with the bomb planted.

"45 seconds left," Erik thought glancing at the time remaining. To the
right of the bomb site was one of the five entryways. Erik saw movement.
Crates were stacked in a line, and we're sliding on the ground towards
the bomb site. Erik knew this tactic. He had used it before.

A player could use the crates as cover and then crawl to the bomb site.
You can shoot through the crates, but you didn't know where exactly the
enemy was, so you might hit them, you might not. Erik ran along the far
side of the wall and then aimed down sights. Just then, a flashbang
exploded blinding him. The blinding effect lasted for about 5 seconds.
"It’s a trap!" Erik thought to himself. Erik frantically looked around
trying to see his opponent as the blinding effect was wearing off. Just
then, another flashbang exploded, blinding him again. Before it wore
off, Erik was shot down.

"WHAT THE FUCK K!" Erik heard over the speaker. 15 seconds remained when
the opponent ran into the bomb site. With 3 seconds remaining, the bomb
was defused. "0 - 4. YOU LOSE" displayed on the screen.

The final kill video played as Erik's teammates swore at him up and
down. The game ended and pushed all the players back out into a game
lobby.

"K, I need to talk to you now," Roge snarled. "I'll catch up with the
rest of you later."

"Later guys," Case said. "Late," Rat said. Both left the lobby so only
Erik and Roge remained.

"What the fuck was that?" Roge said. "You're our scorer. That's your
job. You put points on the board. We went 0 and 4. Everyone had at least
two kills overall, and you had nothing. You planted once and couldn't
defend a 1v1. What the fuck man?"

"I'm sorry," Erik said. "I just moved to college this week and..."

"We all know your situation," Roge said. "Rats was grounded for a week,
but he still snuck on after his parents went to bed to get in some
practice. And Case sprained his wrist doing God only knows what, but
he's still playing at the same level. You go missing for a week, and now
you're the worst player on the team. I can't have that out of our lead
point scorer. You've got to get better."

"I'll get better," Erik said.

"Yes you will, or you're out," Roge said. "Starting this week, you'll be
on every Wednesday for tournament practice. You won't be late anymore
for Sunday tournaments. If you don't show up, you're off the team. I'm
not going to put up with this shit."

"OK, calm do.." Erik said.

"I'll see you Wednesday," Roge said and abruptly exited the lobby.
