Chapter 12
==========

<br />

It was 8:15 PM on Friday night and Erik was still cleaning his room. He
was almost finished. Erik was listening to music, and the door to his
bedroom was open. As Erik continued cleaning, Bret walked through the
door into the room.

"Hey man," Bret said. "I’ve got two girls over, and we’re hanging out,
smoking a little something, something. You want to come hang out?"

"Uh, I can’t," Erik said startled, not realizing Bret was having others
join them tonight. "I’m not done yet."

Bret looked around the room. "Good enough," Bret said. "The stale
shit/sweat/semen smell is gone, so I think you’re good."

Erik looked at Bret nervously. "Aww c’mon man," Bret said. "I already
told them about you. If you bail, they’re going to think I’m some creepy
dude who’s trying to drug, fuck and kill them... And only 2 of those are
right. " Bret looked upward, in thought. "Well, sort of... I think...
Wait, no... That’s not right... Forget all that... Anyway, c'mon, let's
go."

"I can’t," Erik said. "I’m sorry."

"Just come by and say hi," Bret said. "At least that way, they won’t
think I’m lying to them."

"Alright," Erik said. "I’ll be there in a minute."

"Cool," Bret said. "But, change that." Bret pointed to Erik’s chest.
"Before you come over." Erik looked down at his chest.

"What do you mean?" Erik asked.

"That thing you’re wearing," Bret said, still pointing to Erik’s shirt.
"Is that like some festive... holiday... European poncho or something?"

Erik was confused. "European? It's an E-Sports jersey."

"For what sport?" Bret asked.

"E-Sports," Erik said. "Video games."

"What?" Bret said not fully grasping the context.

"For GAB," Erik continued. "It's for team Onyx. They are one..."

"Stop," Bret said sharply. His demeanor changed upon understanding that
Erik was wearing a jersey worn by a competitive gaming team. "Just
stop... Take that shit off right now. I have two girls in the other room
and if they see you in that, the only company you'll have tonight is
your right hand."

"But...," Erik started.

"No, we're not doing this," Bret cut him off. "You're taking that
fucking thing off right now." Bret walked over to Erik’s dresser and
pulled out a drawer. "What kind of clothes you got in here?" Bret starts
pulling out clothes from the drawer. "Fucking video game t-shirts, comic
book t-shirts, movie t-shirts, tv show t-shirts..." Erik watched as Bret
made a pile of clothes on the floor. "You've got to be kidding me,
man... Do you have anything normal?"

"I've got dress shirts in the closet," Erik said. Bret pulled out a
plain white shirt.

"Here we go," Bret said. "Finally." Bret stood up. "Put this on." Bret
handed the shirt to Erik. Then, he walked to the closet. Erik took off
his shirt and put on the white t-shirt. Bret pulled out a dark navy
blue, button-up dress shirt from the closet. Bret turned around and
stepped toward Erik.

"Wear this," Bret said handing the dress shirt to Erik.

"But, it's long sleeved," Erik said.

"Then roll up the sleeves," Bret responded. Erik puts on the shirt,
leaving it unbuttoned. "OK, this good?"

"Dear fucking god," Bret said. "Button that shit up, then roll up your
sleeves." Erik did as he was told. "Wait, are those jorts?"

"Jorts?" Erik asked.

"Jean shorts," Bret responded. "Are you fucking kidding me? Oh, for the
love of fuck. Do you have regular shorts?"

"What are regular shorts?" Erik asked confused.

"Cargo khaki shorts," Bret said. "Regular-ass, normal person shorts."

"Umm... Yeah, I think I have a pair," Erik responds. Erik opens the
bottom the drawer of the dresser and pulls out a pair at the bottom of
the drawer, badly wrinkled.

"Fucking Christ," Bret mutters. "Well, there’s no time to iron them."
Bret takes them and shakes them out. Then, he stretches them out the
best he can. "Put these on." Bret hands them to Erik. Erik looks at the
shorts as Bret leans down to picks up the E-Sports jersey on the ground.
"Now take this... And burn it... But not now. Right now, you’re going to
pull your shit together, act normal and come over to my room. I'll see
you in a bit."

Bret starts to walk out and then he stops. Bret looks up and listens.
Then, he turns slightly toward Erik. "Is this video game music?"

"No, it’s just mellow electronica," Erik said.

"Perfect," Bret said, changing his demeanor back to the way he was when
he entered the room. "At least you have some taste in music. Send me the
name of this song."

"Umm, OK," Erik said. Bret left the room, and Erik picked up his phone.
Erik texted the song name, the artist, and the album name to Bret.

Erik put on the shorts that Bret handed to him. He took one last look
around the room and realized that he was all ready to go. "It’s going to
be fun," Erik said to himself reassuringly. "No pressure. Just don’t
talk too much and they won’t think you’re creepy."

He locked the door to his room and walked over to Bret’s room. Erik took
a deep breath and knocked at the door. The door opened, and Erik entered
the room. When Erik walked in, he saw one girl on the bed talking to
another girl whose back was to Erik.

"Hey girls," Bret said shutting the door behind Erik. "This is Erik."

The girl turned around. It was Jessica, from Erik’s class. Jessica
smiled slightly. Erik was frozen. He couldn’t move, he couldn’t speak,
he just stood there... and stared. Erik’s heart started pounding, and he
could feel his face getting red. Then, his gaze moved upward to Bret who
walked to the other side of the room by the window, standing behind the
two girls, silently mouthing the words: "You’re welcome." Then, Bret
opened the window.

Finally, Jessica breaks the silence. "You’re behind me in Analytic
Geometry and Philosophy." Bret silently mouths again: "You’re behind
her" as he makes a double hump motion with his arms. Lexi sees Bret out
of the corner of her eye and turns to look at him just as Bret moves his
arms side to side in a slight dance-like motion. "Who likes music?" he
says.

Bret walks over to the desk and presses the "Play" button on the open
window. The mellow music track that was playing in Erik’s room begins to
play through the speakers. "I like these guys," Lexi says. "It’s good
trip-hop."

"I don’t know what it is," Bret said. "A friend of mine sent it to me,
and I like it." Bret winked at Erik. "It’s trippy and mellow."

"That’s what trip-hop is," Lexi says.

"Alright, then! Let’s smoke some pot." Lexi smiled and shrugged off
Bret’s attempt to maneuver around Lexi’s comment.

Bret walked over to the door and locked it. Then, he went to the closet.
After a few moments, he pulled out a bag with four joints.

"Erik, can you stuff the towels underneath the door and get me a dryer
sheet from the top of the closet." Erik followed the instructions. Bret
set a box fan by the door pointing across the middle of the room toward
the window and turned the fan on low. Erik handed Bret a dryer sheet and
Bret stuffed it in the end of an empty paper towel roll. Bret set down
the stuffed paper towel roll and picked up a single joint and lighter.

"M’lady," Bret said handing the joint to Lexi. "Would you do us honor of
starting it off?"

"Well thank you, kind sir," she said smiling. "And who said kindness and
chivalry were dead?"

"Yeah, fuck that guy," Bret said with a wink. Bret lit the joint as Lexi
put it up to her lips. She took a drag, inhaled and held it. Bret handed
her the paper towel roll and Lexi exhaled through the roll out of the
window. Next, Bret handed the joint to Jessica. She did the same. Then,
Bret gave it to Erik.

Erik had never smoked weed before. He had been around others when they
had smoked up, but Erik never tried it. However, Jessica just smoked up,
and Erik didn’t want to look strange for being the only person in the
room who didn’t. So, Erik decided to try it. He took a deep breath to
inhale the smoke and choked. He coughed and tried to cough out the smoke
through the paper towel roll, but almost completely missed it.

"Smooth," Bret said half smiling. Bret took the joint from Erik and took
his turn. Then, passed it to Lexi, then to Jessica, back to Erik. This
time, Erik took a drag and was able to handle it like everyone else.
This started to calm Erik’s nerves. After the first joint was done, Bret
lit a second and the four continued smoking. The more time that went by,
the more Erik could feel the panic gradually melt away, and it was
replaced with a mellow feeling that eased into the slow beat of the
music. Everyone was smiling as they passed around the second joint until
it was finished.

Then, Bret went back to his closet and pulled out a green bottle with a
stack of cups. He handed the cups to Erik. "What’s that?" asked Erik.

"Absinthe," Bret said. Erik held the cups as Bret filled each of them
halfway with the green liquid. They passed out the cups to everyone.
Bret raised his cup and said "To high times and good vibes," They all
touched cups and drank.

"Why do all the cups say ‘it’s always tea time’?" asked Erik.

"It’s all they had left at the store on the corner," Bret said. "You
ever been there?" Bret gave Erik a wink, knowing that’s where Erik met
Lara. Erik’s face got bright red.

"Yeah," Lexi said. "Some interesting people hang around there."

"I know," Bret said. "Erik, tell them about the person you met up
there." Erik’s eyes were wide, and his face was bright red.

"Are you talking about the clerk?" Jessica said. "The whole time I was
there, that guy just kept saying he wasn’t supposed to be there. I told
him, OK but while you are, can I buy a fucking pack of gum?"

Bret looked at Erik and burst out laughing. Erik started laughing too.

"What is Steve doing tonight?" Erik asked, realizing that Steve wasn’t
in the room.

"Good ol’ Steve Dave?" Bret responds. "Yeah, I put that tubby drunk
mouse to bed. He was yammering on about some shit and just making my
brain hurt."

Suddenly, Bret looked around the room quickly and then asked: "Hey, what
day of the month is it?"

"Uh, the fourth?" Erik responded.

"Two days wrong," Bret said.

"What?" Erik asked.

"I have no fucking clue," Bret said with a smile. "Is it the fourth?"
Bret asked.

Jessica looked down at her watch. She had a frustrated look on her face.
"Oh this fucking clock," Jessica said, except for some reason no one
could hear her pronounce clock correctly. It’s as if the word clock now
had a silent L when Jessica spoke.

Erik's facial expression changed upon hearing Jessica swear at her
watch. At that moment, his mind re-curled inward and became fixated on
Lara’s Dirty Talk porn video that Erik had watched over and over for the
past few nights. Suddenly, Jessica was fucking Erik as the two stood in
Bret’s room. Lexi and Bret watched as Jessica was bouncing up and down
on Erik screaming: "Fuck me harder! Oh, this fucking cock! Fuck me!"

"What?" asked Bret.

Erik still had a vacant and distant look, staring into space as he
continued playing through the fantasy in his mind.

"This cock," Jessica said, again not able to say the L. "This fucking
cock. I don't know why I keep it. Stupid fucking thing." In Erik’s
fantasy, he could hear the new words Jessica was adding to the fantasy.
She would scream "This fucking cock! I don’t why I keep it! Stupid
fucking thing!" But then, it was followed by a random: "FUCK!".

"Say that one more time," Bret said cracking a smile. Lexi started to
smile too, realizing what Bret was hearing.

"Cock," Jessica said.

"Say that with the words ‘I love ‘in front of it," Bret said. Lexi’s
smile got bigger.

"What?" Jessica asked.

"Just say it," Bret said.

"I love cock," Jessica said as a matter of fact.

"I love cock!" Jessica screams in Erik’s daydream.

Bret is snickering, and Lexi laughs aloud.

"You say that really funny," says Bret through the laughter.

"What does it sound like?" asks Jessica.

"What does it sound like!?!", she screams in Erik’s dream. Erik is
silently confused, but is still enjoying himself.

"We can't hear you say the L for some reason," Bret says.

Jessica laughs. "You’re so funny. I mean I do an all, but usually takes
a few drinks before I get there." She looks at Erik with a shy smile.
Erik is still locked in his fantasy, but Jessica’s shy smile pushes into
the fantasy, giving it to Erik as she looks behind her into his eyes.
"Cum for me", Jessica says to him quietly and passionately.

"ERIK!" Bret yells.

"No not yet," Erik says quickly, snapping out of his dream.

"No not what?" Bret asks with a confused look. "What the fuck happened
to you?"

"I umm..." Erik stutters. "I am not sleeping well. I must have zoned
out." Erik looks at Jessica. "Sorry," Erik says as he quickly looks
downward.

"No worries," she says to him. "Do you know a good cock jobber I can go
to?"

They all erupt in laughter. "OK, I heard it that time," Jessica said.

The weed and absinthe combination brought a warm, calming feeling to
everyone in the room. The four talked about high school, family, their
dreams for the future, news, politics, comedy, music, and anything that
came to mind in between. They talked and laughed and enjoyed each
other’s company. At one point, Lexi took out her phone to take a group
selfie. At the last minute, Bret held up his two fingers behind Lexi to
give her bunny ears.

Lexi looked at the photo and gave out a flirtatious gasp. "You
asshole!", she said playfully. "Well, I need to edit that now." She
opened the picture in a photo app on her phone. She gave herself
animated brown bunny ears. Then, she added long black hair and put an
animated top hat on Bret. She found it funny and decided to keep
editing. To match her own image, Lexi added white bunny ears to Jessica.
Finally, she put long blond hair on Erik and a headband. Erik and Bret
looked like an 80's hair metal duo, while Lexi and Jessica looked like a
pair of rabbits. Lexi passed around the phone laughing at the picture.

Eventually, they paired off as their conversations took them in
different directions. Jessica and Erik were looking through funny posts
on a popular message board site which was cast to the TV in Bret’s dorm
room. Erik would scroll through the website and Jessica would point out
which one to open. They laughed at funny photos, video clips, and
amusing stories that people posted. The dark blue hue of the website’s
colors cast to the TV dimmed the light in the room.

Bret was sitting on the chair at the desk at the back of the room by the
door. Lexi was sitting on Bret’s lap, and the two were playing music on
Bret’s laptop. They would each play a track and have the other listen.
Then, after a minute, one of them would open a similar track by a
different artist and have the other listen. They would switch
headphones, sharing the music with each other, constantly leaning in
closer to the other and smiling flirtatiously.

Bret looked at Lexi’s cup and saw that is was empty. "Would you like
some more, my dear?" Bret said holding up the bottle of absinthe.

"I don’t think I can take anymore," Lexi said.

"Can you take any less?" Bret asked, pouring a small amount into her
cup. She smiled and laughed at his comment.

In the middle of another video, Erik’s phone rang. The screen said "Lara
calling." Erik quickly swiped to ignore. "Didn’t she just text you 3
times in the past 15 minutes?" Jessica asked. "Your girlfriend seems
like the jealous type."

"Yeah," Erik said shaking his head. "But she’s not my girlfriend."

"Does she know that?" Jessica asked.

"Well... I think she wants it that way," Erik responded. "This is the
first time I’ve heard from her all week. And I’m having way too much fun
right now to really care, so..." Erik pressed ignore, and then block.
"She can find someone else to confuse for a while." Erik smiled at
Jessica who smirked back at him. Jessica’s smiled just melted Erik. He
loved that smile.

"Besides," Erik continued. "What does she have to be jealous about? I
mean, you really do have a boyfriend... right? You didn’t make that up,
so that you could just, like drink and smoke weed without having anyone
hit on you?" Erik smiled.

"Is that all I had to do to get free alcohol and weed all these years?"
Jessica said jokingly.

"Yeah, it’s like, one of those unspoken rules amongst stoners," Erik
said. "I think... I’m way too high to like... think... straight..."

"Well then," Jessica said. "Let’s watch that guy do the splits on the
bar again." Erik smiled as he turned the video back on to show a
skateboarder attempt to grind a rail, only to lose the board and fall
onto the rail hard with his legs spread. The two erupted in laughter as
the camera holder also laughed loudly.

"Can you turn that down?" Bret called over.

"Yeah," Erik said as he lowered the volume of the cast from his phone.

After the video was done playing, Jessica turned around and saw Lexi and
Bret making out on the chair. She tapped Erik and pointed her head
toward Lexi and Bret. Erik looked back at her with a confused look.
Then, Jessica pointed and softly said: "Look."

Erik turned around and saw Lexi and Bret kissing.

"Whoaaaa," Erik said softly. "Should we like... leave them alone... or
something?"

"No...," Jessica responded quietly. "They’re just making out... it’s not
like they’re getting married and having a baby or making sex."

Erik’s brain wasn’t operating at full capacity, so it took a moment for
Jessica’s comment to register. When his brain finally processed it, Erik
had a strange look on his face as he silently mouthed the expression
"making sex" to himself, trying to understand what she said. He turned
to face Jessica. "What does that mean?" Erik asked.

Jessica rambles through her own drug-induced high, as she turns back
around to face the TV. Erik turns with her. Jessica continues: "You
know... Boys and girls and sex... Boy meets girl... Boy smiles at
girl... Boy asks girl out... Boy fucks girl. Boy doesn’t call back...
Boy meets new girl. Girl meets new boy... and everyone keeps making the
sex." Jessica pauses to take a drink. "Then, girl gets pregnant. Boy
marries girl. Boy and girl fight... all the time... Baby grows up
confused..."

"Umm... I don’t think it’s always like that," Erik said.

"No, not always," Jessica said. "Sometimes boy calls back... does
something stupid. Girl moves on... Boy stalks girl. Girl files
restraining order... Boy finally moves on... or goes crazy."

"So are you pregnant or being stalked?" Erik asks confused.

"Neither one... at the moment," Jessica responded.

"You make it sound like all guys are stupid," Erik says defensively.

"All guys are stupid," Jessica responds. "But so are girls. That’s why
nothing lasts forever. You take what you can get, have fun, and keep
going."

"So, love doesn't exist?" Erik asked.

"Love doesn't last," Jessica responded. "It feels great and fun, and we
keep chasing for it, but it fades just like everything else."

"That's depressing," Erik said.

"No," Jessica said. "Once you know that it could all end tomorrow, you
enjoy it while it lasts."

"That would like, keep me freaked out that it's all going to fall apart
at any moment," Erik said.

"Aww, C'mon, " Jessica said. "Don't you like the thrill of the chase?
Keep it exciting. Keep it new. That keeps it going."

"You are like... making this sound too easy and stupid simple...," Erik
said. "And I’m... just way too high to like... say anything... smart...
"

"You’re stoned," Jessica said with a laugh.

"Yeah and I'm horny," Erik said. Jessica’s facial expressions were
reacting to this comment. It took a moment for Erik to realize what he
just said. Erik’s stream of thoughts continued to be spoken aloud for
all to hear. "Oh fuck... Did I just say that? Oh shit. Act normal. Be
cool. Smile." Erik smiled a big smile. "Too wide. You probably look like
a psychopath. Say something. Do you like funny videos? Oh, thank God.
That was hard."

Jessica could not contain herself. She laughed hysterically. Erik
smiled, feeling happy that Jessica was having a good time with him.
After Jessica calmed down, she smiled again as she looked down and then
back over at Erik. Erik’s heart skipped a beat every time that smile was
directed at him. Erik’s mind would go blank, and he would forget what he
was even talking about. Erik just continued smiling, studying her face
and taking it in.

"Erik," Bret called over. "Can you guys take the party to your room?"
Bret and Lexi were face-to-face now. Bret was sitting on the chair and
Lexi was straddling Bret, sitting on his lap. They both had their arms
around each other.

"Uh... Oh... yeah... sure," Erik said taken off-guard. Erik and Jessica
stood up and began to walk out of the room.

"See ya," Erik said.

"Later," Bret said.

"Have fun," Jessica said with a grin.

"I will," Lexi responded with a smile.

Erik and Jessica walked out of the room and closed the door behind them.
The two stood outside of Bret’s room and looked at each other. They
smiled awkwardly for a few seconds.

"I should probably go," Jessica said.

"Fuck," Erik thought. "I don’t want this to end. Shit, shit, shit...
Think of something... Anything... Fuck, I’m way too high..."

Erik was still holding his phone and looked at it to check the time.
Erik noticed that the cast session was still open with the volume turned
down. Then, Erik got an idea.

"Hey, you want to hear something funny?" he asked Jessica.

"OK," Jessica said.

"Put your ear to the door," Erik said.

Erik and Jessica both leaned into the door to Bret’s room. Both of them
rested their head on the door, putting their ear up against it to listen
in. Erik opened up a gay porn site on his phone. In the room, they could
hear voices.

Lexi: "Are you putting on porn?"

Bret: "No"

Lexi: "What’s on the TV?"

Bret: "Haha, Erik’s watching porn now."

The two laugh.

Erik opened a video and turned the volume to max. Then, they heard the
TV from the room.

TV: "Oh Billy, I want you to cum in my ass."

TV: "I want to cum all over your mustache Danny."

Bret: "What the fuck???"

TV: "But I want to feel your hot load deep in my ass."

Lexi: "Turn it off!"

TV: "I’ll cum in your ass, then you can suck it off my dick."

Bret: "Where’s the remote?"

TV: "Oh yeah big boy, give it to me."

Lexi: "Just turn off the TV!"

There were sounds of movement in the room. Erik and Jessica were
laughing hysterically. They could hear the sounds of movement as they
advanced toward the door. Erik’s hand went to Jessica’s back to push her
away from the door and into the direction he was going. They turned
right and opened the door to the stairwell just as Bret’s door opened.

"Not funny asshole!" Bret yelled after them as he stepped out of the
room, wearing nothing but his boxer shorts. The sounds of the men’s deep
groans were blaring from the TV out into the hallway. Erik and Jessica
ran into the stairway laughing. Steve’s door opened, and he popped his
head out.

"Are you watching gay porn?" Steve asked, groggy. Steve's eyes were
half-closed. Bret looks at Steve and shakes his head. Then, Bret starts
to walk back into his room.

"I didn’t know you were gay.... and that’s fine, but can you turn that
shit down? Sounds like a fucking Hollywood bathhouse in here." Bret’s
door slammed shut.

Steve turns his head back into his room. "All this gay sex is making my
dick soft," Steve says shutting his door.

Erik and Jessica were running down the steps. They were four floors down
when Jessica stopped running. "Slow down," she said panting and
laughing. "I’m way too high to be running down steps."

Erik slowed down and waited for her. The two continued to walk down the
steps laughing and catching their breath. They walked down to the main
floor, and Erik walked Jessica to the main lobby area that separated the
men’s and women’s dorm rooms. Jessica stopped at the doorway leading to
the women’s dorm.

"Say something," Erik thought. "Try to keep this going."

"Do you want to come back to my room?" Erik asked.

"That’s probably not a good idea since you cockblocked your neighbor,"
Jessica said jokingly. They both laughed.

"Can I call you sometime?" Erik said.

Jessica stood there for a minute trying to think of the right thing to
say.

"I like you, Erik," Jessica started. "But, I’m with someone. And if I
give some other guy my phone number... that’s just not right."

Erik felt defeated but, respected the answer. Even still, Erik wasn’t
sure if she was telling the truth or if she just didn’t want to talk to
him.

Jessica could tell from the change in Erik’s expression that Erik looked
hurt.

"I had a really fun night," Jessica said with a smile.

"Me too," Erik said with a slight smile.

"I’ll see you around Erik," Jessica said as she turned to walk through
the doors.

"Good night," Erik said watching her go. After she was out of sight,
Erik turned around and went back to his room.

Erik opened the door and sat down at his computer. He thought about his
night with Jessica and smiled. Then, he turned on his laptop and opened
a browser window. In his bookmarks, he navigated to a folder called
"Jessica porn." Erik clicked on a link called: "Hot brunette takes big
cumshot facial." Erik unzipped his pants and pulled them off with his
boxers. A video started of a young woman who looked a lot like Jessica.
She was giving a blowjob to a guy holding the camera. Erik began
masturbating. The face on the screen was replaced with Jessica’s smiling
face every time the guy’s cock was removed from her mouth. Erik’s
excitement grew quickly. Then the guy pulled out of the girl's mouth,
and she smiled at the camera. The guy holding the camera came with the
first shot hitting her on the cheek and rolling down to her lips. Her
lips parted as the cum rolled into her mouth. She slightly pushed her
tongue out, so it rolled out of her mouth and down her chin.

Erik came. His first shot jumped the gap between his chair and his desk,
hitting the screen, just as the camera man’s second shot hit the young
woman on screen. Erik kept masturbating as the rest of the cum flowed
out over the top of his hand and rolled onto his legs.

"Oh fuck!" he said out loud. He kept breathing heavy, and he closed his
eyes trying to regulate his breathing back to normal. He reopened his
eyes to see the cum rolling down on the screen onto his keyboard. "Aww
shit," he said grabbing a tissue and attempting to wipe it off with his
free hand, while still holding his dripping dick in the other. The load
that pooled at the top of his hand, which was bigger than what hit the
screen, plopped on the keyboard and fell into the keys.

"Great," he said. "Real smooth."
