Chapter 14
==========

<br />

Erik was standing, still holding the camera pointed downward and
recorded his dick dripping with cum. Lola had walked to the bathroom to
clean up, and Erik was slowing his breathing back to normal.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," Erik said to himself. Now that the fantasy
had ended, his anxiety was getting the best of him again. "What the fuck
do I do? What if someone sees this? The camera never went to the rest of
my body. Besides my dick, there’s no way anyone would ever know it’s me.
But, what if they find out? What do I say? Do I just lie? I’m a horrible
liar. They’ll see right through me. Maybe I can just delete it. I’ll
tell her there was a problem with the camera or something."

Erik's eyes moved around the room as he continued to think about what he
was going to do. Across the room, in the corner, the cat was sitting up
and staring at Erik. The sight of the cat stunned Erik. Erik looked at
the cat, and the cat looked right back, grinning. "Why does this fucking
cat keep staring at me and Lara?" Erik thought, distracted from his
original objective.

Before Erik could finish his thought, Lara walked out of the bathroom
fully clothed and cleaned up. Her eyes raised when she saw Erik staring
across the room, still holding his dick, with the camera focused on it,
in the same position he was in when she left him. "Are you done yet?"
she asked.

"Shit," Erik thought. "Times up."

"Uh, yeah," Erik said. "I... uh... Just didn’t want to get your
camera... all... messy..."

Lara smiled and walked over to him. She took the camera from him and
turned it off. Then she walked to the desk and started to copy the video
to the laptop for editing. Erik was still frozen in place not sure what
to do. He looked like a famous pop icon, with his one hand stretched out
and the other grabbing his groin. All Erik needed to complete the look
was a white, diamond studded glove and a black, sequin fedora.

"Wow, nice cumshot Erik," Lara said. The comment surprised him and his
voice cracked, "Ah," which sounded like "Ow!."

Erik cleared his throat. "Hrm, thanks," he said. With his clean hand, he
grabbed his pants and walked over to the bathroom. Erik cleaned himself
up and redressed. When he joined Lara at the desk, she was editing the
footage.

Erik was amazed at how quick and skilled she was with this. She knew
exactly how to fade in, cut out, close up and add effects to make it
look much more professional than two college kids filming a blowjob in
an apartment. Erik didn’t disturb her work. Instead, he just watched as
she made her edits.

In the end, she had a 5-minute clip of her striptease and blowjob with
the cumshot. The clip looked professional complete with a red fade-in at
the beginning and a red fade-out at the end. Erik was proud of being the
owner of the dick in the video, as it looked like it had done its job to
perfection.

After watching the final cut, Erik finally broke the silence. "You are
really good at this."

"Thanks," Lara said. "I’ve got lots a practice." She uploaded it to her
site and sent the link to her customer.

"OK Erik," she said. "Your dick is now famous." Erik’s face went red.

"You didn’t use my name anywhere, did you?" Erik asked.

"No," Lara said. "I’ll keep your name off of it. No one ever has to
know."

"Thanks," Erik said. "That was actually not as bad as I thought."

Lara looked at him strangely. "Yeah, imagine that," she said. "Getting
your dick sucked and cumming on a girl’s face in your own personal porno
flick. Oh, sounds fucking horrible!" She laughed, and so did he.

"You hungry?" Lara asked.

"Yeah," Erik said.

"Pizza?" Lara asked. Erik remembered the pizza delivery guy from the
first time he met Lara and suddenly got an image in his head of Lara
sucking him off at her doorway as he handed her a free pizza.

"No," Erik said. "How about something else?"

"Burger?" Lara asked.

"Sounds good," Erik said. They left Lara’s apartment and walked two
blocks down to a sports bar and grill. There were only five other
patrons, so the two pretty much had the place to themselves. They sat
down at a table, and a young, cute waitress walked over to them. The
waitress was wearing a tight red dress and Erik stared at her up and
down as the waitress took their order. After the waitress wrote down
their choices, Erik watched the waitress as she turned to leave.

"Horny again already?" Lara said jokingly.

"What?" Erik said. "I was... um... Just admiring her... dress..."

"OK, homo," Lara said. "You’re a crossdresser too?"

"No," Erik said defensively. "I think she looks... really good in that
dress..."

"I hate dresses," Lara said. "Too... girly..."

"What?" Erik asks in disbelief. "This coming from the ultimate sexy
girl?"

"I don’t know what that means dork," Lara said. "But thank you." She
smiled at him.

They ordered food and then Erik tried to take the opportunity to ask
Lara questions about herself.

"I want to know more about you," Erik said. "I want to know everything
about you. Like, what’s your full name?"

"Lara," Lara said quickly.

"But is that like short for Alara, or Elaine or something like that?"
Erik asked.

"It’s just... Lara," Lara responded.

"Where are you from originally?" Erik asked.

"Downstate," Lara said.

"Where downstate?"

"Jasper."

"I’ve never heard of it."

"Most people haven’t. It’s a small town."

"OK, what are your hobbies?" Erik asked.

"Fucking and jerking off," Lara said, treating the interview as if she
was still in her Lola persona.

"Mixing business with pleasure?" Erik asked smiling.

"You know it," Lara said.

"Are you into any sports?"

"Not really, no."

"Have you ever played any sport or other activity?"

"Gymnastics and dance when I was younger."

"Tell me about that," Erik said nervously, trying to find something to
keep Lara talking.

"I danced, and I jumped around."

"OK... Any brothers or sisters?"

"Nope, only child."

"What do your parents do?"

"Nothing. Not even each other."

Erik realized that Lara was fighting him to keep her answers very vague.
So, Erik decided to try and switch the topic. "So... What are you
majoring in?" Erik asked. He already knew the answer to this because it
was available in the student directory. But, he was desperate to get her
talking.

"Business," Lara answered.

"So, why business?" Erik probed further.

"Why not?" Lara responded.

"I don’t know. I mean, why did you decide to get a degree in business?"

"What’s your major?"

"Computer science."

"Figures," Lara said condescendingly. "All the nerds are into science
and engineering."

"So what does that make you?" Erik asked defensively.

"What does that mean?"

"I mean if I’m a nerd for studying computer science, what are you for
studying business?"

"Smart." She smiled at him. Erik smiled back. This finally cut some of
the tension and Lara seemed to lower her defenses.

"So it’s like this," she started. "Business is one of those degrees that
no matter where you go or what you do, people assume you know what
you’re doing. Think about when someone says ‘M.B.A.’ That’s a Master’s
of Business. No other degree has that. If you have a Master’s in
science, no one goes around saying they have M.S., right? Unless they’re
your old Great Aunt Delilah." They both giggle slightly at the comment.
"But really, no one gives a shit. But you tell someone you have an
M.B.A., and suddenly... they’re impressed. They don’t know shit else
about you, but they think you’re Mr. tricky, slick dick."

Lara continued talking. This was the first time Erik had the opportunity
to speak with Lara with her guard down. She was a smart girl with a
passion and drive for business, which Erik realized that she extended
very well into her personal website venture. Erik learned that she had
one year of school left and she had been thinking a lot about "what
comes next" after college.

The two had a nice dinner, and the conversation was mostly about school
and the future. Afterward, Lara told him that she needed to go. Erik
asked if he could see her tomorrow. Lara said maybe and winked at him as
she turned to walk back to her apartment. Erik watched her walk away and
then he began his walk back to the dorm.

When Erik got back to his room, it was GAB Sunday tournament time.
Everyone from "Prodigy" was logged in. Erik entered the room.
"WAAAASSSSSSUUUPPPPPPPP!" Rats yelled obnoxiously. Erik smiled and
greeted his friends. They talked in the lobby while waiting for game
time. Roge explained that Drags was going to spectate during the game.
The game started and again the teams followed Roge’s directions, but the
team was still failing again. They were 1-3. However, they managed to
find a weak point in the other team’s strategy and exploited it. Prodigy
scored two consecutive round wins, tying the match at 3-3.

The final round started. Prodigy was on defense. Everyone muted their
mics as they all started mumbling: "fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck..."
Emotions were high, the tension was tight, and the stress was eating
them all away. Erik watched as the details appeared on the screen of the
firefights around him. Roge was out; Case took out one then was out;
Rats took out 2 and then was out. It was now one v 1... again...

"The bomb has been planted" sounded. "Fuck," Erik said. "Fuck, fuck,
fuck, fuck..." The mumbling continued as Erik made his way to the other
bombsite. Erik circled the entry points, trying to see if he could find
where his opponent was hiding, all the while keeping his "fuck chant."
for concentration. 15 seconds remained. Erik was running out of time. He
had to make a move now. Erik chose an entryway and charged in. Erik
quickly scanned the room, trying to see his opponent. As soon as he
turned around, he was met with a headshot from an assault rifle.
"FUCK!", Erik yelled. "FUCK!!!!"

There was no group chatter from his team through the final kill video.
Erik watched the video in silence, shaking his head. He knew what this
meant. Roge was going to be pissed. This was another first-round loss.

Overall, Erik did much better this week. He tied with Rat for the total
number of kills. In overall points, Rat had more because of other
actions made during the game, but Erik was in 2nd on the team this week.
This still wasn’t his "usual performance".

When everyone was pushed back into the game lobby, Roge was fuming. He
yelled at Erik through the comms in front of the entire team. Roge was
upset that for the 2nd week in a row, the team was knocked out of the
tournament in the first round which was going to drop the team’s
division rank. After Roge was done with his rant, he left the lobby
abruptly. Drags left too. Erik sat in in his chair on the other side of
the screen and took the lashing. Roge was right about everything he
pointed out, but "other mistakes" were made by the other teammates. It
was almost if Roge had an unrealistic expectation of Erik and now that
Erik wasn’t meeting it, Roge couldn’t handle this reality.

After Roge left, the rest of the team said their casual goodbyes and
logged off. Erik kept staring at the empty lobby. The only username that
remained was "Kire". Erik kept staring and reflecting on how Roge could
expect this much from him. Erik didn’t feel bad about his overall
performance. Ultimately, he did better than Roge and Case this week. "If
that’s not good enough for him," Erik thought. "Then, fuck, him."

After finishing his post-game reflections, Erik shutdown the console and
logged on to Lara’s website. Erik opened his personal blowjob video
uploaded by Lara early that day. He watched the full video and loved it.
He loved it so much that he pulled his pants down and masturbated to it,
twice. Afterward, he went to bed.

The next morning was the start of a new school week, and Erik started
his same daily routine: Porn, jerk off, shower, food, walk to class.
When Erik walked into his first class, Jessica was talking to the same
guy that she always spoke to. As Erik passed her, he said hi. Jessica
responded with a smile and said hi. Erik took his seat and noticed that
Jessica quickly returned to the conversation with the other boy. Erik
didn’t mind it. Things were finally in a good place with Lara, and Erik
was now totally infatuated with Lara instead of Jessica. During class,
Erik’s mind fantasized even further about being a porn star and all the
sex they could have on camera. The two could live together as a pornstar
couple, making good money by filming all their escapades.

In his mind, Erik and Lara worked regular jobs by day, but at night they
were pornstars. They filmed all of their sex, and when they weren’t
fucking, they were editing their footage. Then they would get horny and
fuck again. The cycle would continue until they passed out from
exhaustion. The next morning, they would start anew in the same
sequence: work, fuck, edit, fuck, sleep, fuck, sleep. Erik loved this
fantasy and wanted it to be his reality.

After class, Erik rode the bus back to the dorms and decided to go see
Lara. He walked to Lara’s apartment and knocked on the door. There was
no answer, but he thought he could hear noises on the inside of the
apartment. He knocked again and again, but there was still no answer.
Erik put his ear up to the door and could hear sounds. Erik put his hand
on the doorknob and tried to turn it. The door was unlocked, and Erik
slightly pushed open the door. He could hear Lara’s voice screaming.

Erik’s heart started to beat faster. He became worried that she was in
trouble, so he pushed the door all the way open and rushed in. As soon
as he stepped inside the apartment, he saw a very muscular guy having
sex with a girl doggy style on the floor with cameras all around them.
There was a large dark red blanket spread out on the floor underneath
them. Erik stepped inside and saw the live closeup footage on the TV. He
was having anal sex with her. Erik could see the penetration on Lara’s
big screen TV mounted on the wall. The girl was screaming, "Oh Tommy!
Your dick is so big! It feels so good in my tight little ass! Oh, baby,
I love your huge cock! Tommy, fuck me harder, Tommy. Oh Tommy, fill me
up, baby! Tommy, cum in my ass! Oh yeah, fuck me, baby!"

Erik couldn’t comprehend what he was seeing. He stood there watching the
2 have sex before he finally realized that it was Lola having sex with
one of the guys he remembered seeing on her website. Lola was in full
character with all her makeup on, just like in her website videos.

"Lara?" Erik said. The man and Lola froze in unison and looked backward.
They saw Erik standing at the doorway, the man’s dick still inside
Lola’s ass, clearly visible on the TV. Erik stared at the two of them
who looked like they were part of a statue, cemented in place. They
stared back.

"Hi Erik," Lola said. "I’m kinda in the middle of something right now.
You wanna come back later, maybe?"

"Uh, yeah...," Erik said not sure what to think.

"Great!," Lola said. "Oh, this is Rocco."

"Hi," the guy with his dick balls deep in Lola’s ass said, waving to
Erik with his right hand.

"Hi," Erik said. They kept staring at each other.

"OK Erik," Lola said. "I’ll talk to you later."

"Yeah," Erik said as he started to walk backward out the door. Rocco
began fucking Lola again, and she resumed her screaming for "Tommy."
Erik was confused and felt like someone had just punched him in the
stomach, taking the wind out of him.

Erik continued to walk backward toward the entry door, his eyes still
fixated on Rocco and Lola filming their intense anal sex scene. The
whole picture was surreal, and Erik’s brain couldn’t process what he was
seeing. He just kept walking backward until he finally reached the
doorway. Erik shut the door as he backed out through it. Now, Erik was
facing the doorway exactly as he had when he initially knocked. He kept
trying to say something to himself, but no words could come to mind.
Eventually, he turned around and walked back to the dorms.

Erik went up into his room and sat down on the foam couch in the middle
of the room, still looking completely confused. "What the fuck just
happened?" he finally said to himself. "What... the.. Fuck..." Erik
stared at his wall for several hours trying to come to terms with what
he just saw. Erik missed his second class of the day while sitting in
his room. Time just moved by as he sat there and stared at the wall.

Finally, Bret knocked at his door and then opened it. "Dude!," he yelled
running through the door with his tablet.

"Is this you!?" Bret asked Erik. The tablet was logged onto Lara’s
website with Erik’s blowjob video open.

This sudden intrusion snapped Erik out of his hypnosis. Erik realized
one of his worst nightmares was now occurring and he needed to react,
now. "No," he said quickly. He could sense where this was going, so he
tried to change the subject. "We aren’t together anymore."

"I’m sorry to hear that man," Bret said. "She fucking someone else?"

"Yes, actually," Erik said matter of factly. "She is... right now."

"That sucks man," Bret said. "Dude, these totally look like your socks,"
Bret said. Erik looked down, and he was wearing the same type of socks
(white with grey) that he wore in the video.

"It isn’t," Erik said.

"Wow, I didn’t think you had it in you," Bret said.

"What?" Erik asked.

"Letting her suck you off on the Internet like that," Bret said.

"It’s not me," Erik said nervously. His fantasy now turned to his worst
nightmare coming true.

"Looks like you," Bret said. "Dick hair color matches your head hair
color..."

"It’s not me," Erik responded, more sternly.

"Look, man," Bret said. "I’m just complimenting. You’re a good size."

Erik looked at Bret disgusted. "Are you seriously trying to compliment
my dick size?" Erik asked.

"No," Bret said. "I’m just trying to take your mind off of her. Did you
really think she was just fucking you? She’s in porn. You’ve watched
videos with her blowing tons of other dudes."

"I don’t know that," Erik said.

"Who did she do them with?" Bret asked.

"I dunno. Old boyfriends.," Erik said.

"How many old boyfriends?"

"I don’t know," Erik said, getting upset. "I didn’t ask. Probably 2.
Maybe 3. No more than 4, I don’t think..."

"Looks like more than two different types of dicks there," Bret said
navigating the tablet to the blowjobs page of Lara’s website. "Not that
I’m an expert at this. I probably couldn’t even pick my dick out of a
lineup." Bret held up the tablet and started pointing to several images
making comments on each one. "But, I’m not black, not overly tan, not
insanely white, like you, I’m circumcised, and I have dark hair. That’s
at least five dicks right there that I know are not mine. You’re just
another dick on a wall to her. When are you going to get that?"

"So you think she doesn’t care about me?" Erik asked.

"I have no fucking clue," Bret said. "Maybe she does, maybe not. But
she’s not the serious, girlfriend type, that’s for damn sure."

"So you think we could make it work if I’m OK with her doing this?" Erik
asked hopeful at another chance to salvage something with Lara.

"DUDE!," Bret yelled. "Seriously... Is that what you want? You want to
be with a porn chick that fucks other guys for a living?"

"I just want to be with her," Erik said quietly.

"I think you just want a girlfriend," Bret said. "And this girl is not a
girlfriend. I’m sure she’s fucking great, and great at fucking, but
she’s not your girlfriend, and you’ve got to let it go."

Erik’s mind strayed again to his fantasy that he had earlier that day.
"What if I was the one she was always fucking on camera?" Erik asked.

"So you want to be in porn now?" Bret asked. "I don’t know. Maybe."

"Kind of big fucking decision for ‘I dunno, maybe,’" Bret said. "Maybe
think about it. Like, longer than 5 seconds."

"Alright...," Erik said, feeling defeated again.

"So...," Bret continued. "Anyway, now that I’ve seen you like this, what
size condoms do you wear?"

"What?" Erik asked nervously.

"You’re packing," Bret said. "And I bet you have the same problem with
condom sizes. They’re always too small for me. What do you do?"

Erik stared directly at him. "I have no idea what you’re talking about."

"Yeah, that's right," Bret responded. "Cause you bareback porn stars, I
forgot. You better wrap that shit up next time."

"Shut up," Erik said.

"Cause you’re going to wake up one morning and your dick is going to
fall off," Bret continued. "Like your going to stand up, and your dick
is just going to go ‘boop,’ and fall on the floor. It’s just going to be
laying there going, ‘How could you let your dick fall off? Why didn’t
you protect me? Get the glue!’"

Just then, Steve walked through the door. "Whose dick fell off?"

The three went downstairs to the cafeteria for dinner. Erik went through
the line first and found a seat at the table. Steve and Bret sat down
next to him shortly after.

"So, you got a blowjob from a chick for a porn site?" Steve asked Erik.

Erik looked at Bret. "Asshole," he said.

"What?" Bret asked. "You sticking with the story that it’s not your pale
dick cumming all over that chick’s face?"

"It’s not me," Erik said slowly staring down at his tray.

"You gotta show me this thing after dinner," Steve said to Bret.

"Oh, I got it right here," Bret said pulling out his phone.

"Stop!," Erik raised his voice. "Put that shit away!" Everyone in the
cafeteria looked over at them. Steve smiled and put his head down. Bret
looked around and started nodding at everyone that was looking at them
asking questions such as: "How are you doing? How’s dinner?"

After everyone turned away, Lexi and Jessica exited the cafeteria line
and sat down at a table nearby with two other guys.

Jessica looked over at Erik and waved. Erik waved back.

"Is that her?" Steve asked.

"Yeah," Bret said. "That’s the one he’s obsessed with."

"I’m not obsessed," Erik said.

"So that’s the one that sucked your dick on the Internet?" Steve asked.

"No!," Erik said.

"That’s the one with the boyfriend," Bret said.

"And no one sucked my dick on the Internet," Erik followed up.

"Oh yeah they did," Bret said. "I’ve got that shit right here." Bret
held up his cell phone again.

"No!," Erik yelled out, and the entire cafeteria looked at them again
for the 2nd time, just as Lexi was walking up to the table.

"Bad time?" she asked.

Bret smiled. "Nope," he responded. "What’s up little lady?"

"Well, I was wondering what you had going on tonight?" Lexi asked.

"Well, that depends," Bret responded.

"On what?" Lexi asked.

"On what you want to do tonight?" Bret said.

"How about I come by around 8?" Lexi said.

"Sounds great," Bret said.

"See you then!" Lexi said walking back to her table.

"Nice," Steve said. "You and her?"

"Kinda," Bret said.

"Oh, yeah?" Steve asked.

"It’s nothing serious," Bret said.

"What the fuck!" Erik said. "I’ve been pouring my heart out for two
weeks, and you go out for a smoke one time, and this girl is all over
you? What the fuck am I doing wrong?"

"Everything," Bret said.

"Yeah," Steve said. "You act like a little bitch. Chicks hate that
shit."

Erik didn’t know what to say. He ate his dinner in silence. On occasion,
Erik would glance over at Jessica and see her with the other guys at
their table. She was talking and laughing. This made Erik crack a slight
smile as he continued eating.

After dinner, the three went outside to accompany Bret while he smoked a
cigarette. Erik wasn’t much in the mood for one of the typical video
game nights with Bret and Steve that he had grown accustomed to. Bret
was going to be busy soon anyway, so Erik decided to skip the
after-dinner video games. Instead, he told them he wasn’t feeling well
and went back to his room. Erik sat at his computer on Lara’s website.
The new clip with her and Rocco had been uploaded. Erik started watching
it and his heart continued to sink.

"I can’t do this," he thought. "I can’t just keep watching her fuck
whoever. Maybe... Maybe I can be that guy for her. What if I started
doing all this with her on camera?" Erik continued to watch the clip and
compare himself with Rocco. "That dude looks like a roided out freak.
His muscles are fucking enormous and I don’t even know if I could get
that way if I tried. I’d need to hit the gym, like tomorrow. He’s also
really tanned, and I’m basically an enemy of the sun."

The more he kept comparing himself to Rocco, the worse he felt about
this idea. "But, what if I can get close?" he continued to think. "What
if I can get a base tan so I don’t look like a ghost and I can bulk up
enough, so I don’t look like a stick figure? Tomorrow, I’ll go to the
student Rec building. They said there was a large fitness center inside
and it was free for students."

Erik was confident in his new plan and went to bed knowing that tomorrow
was going to be difficult. Erik woke up on Tuesday and performed his
same daily routine. After his first class, he changed into an older
shirt and a pair of black gym shorts. Then he walked to the student
recreation building. Erik found the fitness center and reviewed the
equipment. The center had free weights and strength training machines.
Erik decided that the machines were the way to go.

Erik stretched a bit and then hit the machines. He worked out his upper
body by pushing himself to do three sets of every exercise that the
machine could do. After about 45 minutes, his muscles felt like jelly
and he was done with his workout. Erik walked back to the dorms,
showered, ate lunch and went to his 2nd class. He felt sore but good.
The exercise made him feel more confident in himself and that put a
smile on his face. After class, he went to dinner with Bret and Steve
and then back to his room to watch Lara on his computer. Afterward, he
went to sleep.

On Wednesday, Erik woke up sore. He decided to skip the workout for
today and give himself a rest. After his first class, Erik ate lunch at
the cafeteria. They were serving pizza. Erik realized that the cafeteria
served pizza and chicken tenders for lunch every Wednesday, which made
him happy. Pizza was Erik's favorite food, even if it was the reheated
cafeteria kind. After lunch, Erik walked to a tanning salon that was in
the strip mall across from the dorm. When he walked in, the girl behind
the counter looked at him strangely. "Have you ever tanned before?" she
asked him. "No," Erik said.

"You’ll want to go quickly for your first time," she said. "Like
probably 5. No more than 10 minutes. 10 is probably too high for your
skin tone."

"10 minutes?" Erik asked. "Can you get anything for 10 minutes?"

"Oh, yeah," she said. "It’s the same cost, but you want to start low and
do it more frequently. After you have a good base, then you add more
minutes each time."

Erik looked at the prices. "Holy shit!" he thought. "No fucking way... I
can’t be doing small amounts like that. I’ll be fucking broke before I
ever get a fucking tan."

Erik paid for a single session and went to the bed. There were settings
on it for 5, 10, 15, and 20 minutes. "I’ll just start at the high end
and go from there," he thought. "If I get a little burned, oh well."
Erik set it for 20 minutes, disrobed to his underwear and climbed into
the bed.

Erik found the warm heat to be soothing. It felt good on his sore
muscles, and soon Erik drifted to sleep. He didn’t even realize that the
bed turned off until a few minutes later when he no longer felt the warm
sensation of the bed. He looked and saw that the bed was off, so he
climbed out. He was tired from the nap but was able to put his clothes
back on. He felt so relaxed that he didn’t notice that his skin was
reddening more and more as each second past.

Erik walked out into the front area where the tanning salon employee was
sitting. She heard him walk out. "So how was...," she started and then
stopped when she saw him. "Oh my god!"

"What?" Erik asked.

"How long were you in there?" she asked.

"I dunno," Erik said confused. "20 minutes? I think?"

"I told you to do 5 to 10!" she said.

"Yeah, but that’s really expensive," Erik said.

"I can give you a discount if you bought a block!" she said. "That’s not
important right now. You need some aloe."

"What?" Erik responded. "What’s going on?" Erik looked over at a mirror
on the wall and saw that his face was as red as an apple. "Holy shit!"
he yelled out.

"Take this," the girl said. "You can have it for free. You’re going to
need it."

"How long am I going to look like this?" Erik asked.

"Burns can last 2-3 days or more," she said. "But I don’t know. You are
very... you were very fair skinned. Put the aloe on three times a day."
Erik kept looking at himself in the mirror.

"Where did you tan yourself?" the girl asked.

"Everywhere!," Erik said.

"Yikes!," the girl said. "You’re going to be hurting tomorrow. Better
get some aspirin too."

"Fuck," Erik said.

Erik went to his next class and then dinner. He was sitting with Bret
and Steve at dinner, who were both staring at him while Erik ate.

"You fall asleep outside or something?" Steve asked.

"Or something," Erik said.

"You look like you just escaped from a building that was on fire," Bret
said.

"Thanks," Erik said.

"Are you shaking?" Steve asked.

"Yes," Erik said. "I’m freezing."

"What the fuck happened?" Bret asked.

"I went tanning today," Erik responded.

"I can see that," Bret said. "But, why? You were whiter than a golf
country club yesterday."

"I went to a tanning bed to try and... get a tan," Erik said.

Bret and Steve paused looking at Erik, letting his comment hang out in
the air for a moment. Then, the two started laughing. "Seriously man?"
Bret asked. "You... Went to a tanning bed? Why did you think that was a
good idea?"

"Cause I’m really white, and I need a tan," Erik responded sheepishly.

"Yes," Steve said. "You were white. After tanning, you’re supposed to
look sun-kissed. Not deep fried in homemade shake and bake. After the
red goes away, you’ll be another shade of white, cause you’re not the
tanning type."

"What do you mean?" Erik asked.

"Dude," Bret started. "Your skin doesn’t tan. You’re pasty white. It’ll
take days, weeks, months for someone like you to get a fucking tan.
Didn’t you ever learn that?"

"Yeah," Erik said. "But I thought a tanning bed... would like... make it
faster..."

Bret and Steve started laughing again.

"Alright, man," Bret said. "First of all, there’s this big bright ball
in the sky that’s up there for like half the day that you can tan from
for free. Second, that fucking ball is going to be way better for you
than some fake tanning light shit. Just go outside and layout for like
10 minutes a day for a week. Then make it 15 minutes. Then 20. Stop at
20 and keep that going every day for the summer. By the end, you’ll turn
an off-shade of white which for you will look something like a tan."

"I feel sick," Erik said.

"You have sun poisoning," Steve said. "Except its fake sun. You’re going
to feel like shit for a few days."

"I need to go," Erik said getting up and going back to his room.

Erik took the elevator up and ran to his room. He was shivering and felt
horrible. When he opened the door, he rushed to his garbage can next to
his bed and threw up. Erik continued to tremble as he spits the remnants
from his mouth into the garbage. The aloe was on the ground next to him.
He reached for it and opened it up. Then, he squirted a bunch of the
aloe on his hand and rubbed it anywhere on his body that he could reach.
Afterward, he gradually shuffled to the side until he fell into his bed.

Erik couldn’t sleep. He was shivering badly. When he pulled the covers
over himself, he was overheating and felt like he was going to start
sweating. Erik constantly fought with his sheets to find a comfortable
medium, but he wasn’t able to find a neutral space where he was
satisfied. This continued throughout the night, resulting in one of the
worst night’s sleep that Erik ever had. On top of that, he felt
extremely ill, and he was regularly fighting back the urge to retch
again. He was in living hell, all night long.
