Chapter 15
==========

<br />

The next morning, Erik felt even worse. As the sun rose, he was
shivering in his bed, and he was fighting back the sensations to vomit,
again. Erik was clinging to the sheets with both hands as he trembled.
The morning dragged on, and Erik didn’t leave his dorm room, except to
use the bathroom. Throughout the day, each time Erik went to the toilet
he would vomit or dry heave into the sinks and urinals. The only part of
his body that didn’t hurt was his dick and his ass since he kept his
underwear on in the tanning bed. "Thank god for that," Erik kept
thinking. "If my dick burned off, I might as well jump out the fucking
window."

Erik stayed in bed, regularly smearing on the aloe for temporary relief.
He held his dick in his hands. It was the only place he could touch that
didn’t hurt. Holding himself offered some slight comfort, similar to
that of a security blanket or a child’s stuffed toy. His dick was his
comfort object. Eventually, he became aroused, and Erik attempted to
masturbate for temporary relief, but after he finished, he only felt
worse. With all the energy he had remaining, he tried to stay as
perfectly still as possible. His muscles were extremely sore from his
workout two days ago, and his skin felt like it was on fire. He was
absolutely miserable, and it was tearing him down emotionally. He
started to cry, but there wasn’t enough moisture in his body to produce
tears.

Erik drank bottles of water that he had in his mini fridge. He was too
nauseous to try and eat anything. Without any food and with very little
sleep the night earlier, he continually faded in and out of
consciousness. Finally, after 12 hours of discomfort, Erik fell asleep
for the night.

On Friday morning, Erik felt better. His skin was still very red, but
the burn was already beginning to fade into a lighter red hue. He took
more aspirin and then felt well enough to leave his room to take a
shower. Erik found himself turning the water colder and colder to
prevent the feeling of his skin burning from the warm water. The cold
shower made Erik shiver again, but it was tolerable.

When exiting the shower, Erik slowly padded himself down with his towel.
The cloth of the towel felt like it was tearing off his skin when it
usually felt soft. After Erik went back to his room, he began to dress
as he checked his phone for the first time in 2 days. The battery had
completely drained, and the phone was powered off. Erik plugged it in
and finished getting dressed. Somehow, Erik found the strength to gather
himself together for class. Erik attended both of his classes on Friday,
even though he was tired and uncomfortable.

During both classes, the instructors reminded the students that midterms
would be next Friday. Both instructors stated that they would give the
students their current grades on Monday, so the students knew where they
stood in the class going into the midterms.

Erik was more focused on when and how he was going to see Lara and talk
to her again. Erik hadn’t heard from Lara all week since he saw her with
Rocco. The more time that went by, the more nervous he felt about it.

"The more time she spends with that musclehead, the less she’s going to
want to be with me," Erik thought. His mind wandered as he tried to
rally up his confidence level about his situation with Lara. "Fuck it. I
can do this. I can make her scream like that. I’ve read all those
articles about how to please a woman and the best sex positions for her
to orgasm. I’ve read it all and seen it all on the internet. I can do
this."

After class, Erik had dinner with Bret and Steve. When they finished
eating, they all went outside to join Bret for his regular post-dinner
cigarette. Erik still wasn’t feeling well, so he went back to his room
instead of staying with Steve and Bret, even though it was Friday night.
Steve and Bret were going back to Bret’s room to hang out and play video
games. Bret prodded Erik about being a nerd and staying in his room
instead of hanging out on the weekend. Erik just kept saying that he
wasn’t feeling well and eventually Bret backed off.

When Erik walked back into his room, he turned on the phone. There was a
message waiting for him on his gaming network app. It was from Roge. It
said: "You’re off the team." Erik stared at the message. "Fuck," he said
quietly. This was the first time that Erik had thought about GAB and
"Prodigy" since the previous weekend’s tournament. The Wednesday tanning
session had burned away his routine for the past two days. Now, Erik was
finally looking at the effect of not keeping to his commitments. He was
off the team. This was a team he had played on for a year. But more than
that, this was a group of guys Erik had spent a considerable amount of
time with.

Erik was sad, but also felt an odd sense of relief. Erik had tried to
keep his responsibilities with the team, but this proved to be much more
difficult now that he was away from home. "How the fuck am I going to do
this?" Erik thought. "Things are different here. I’m completely on my
own. I can do whatever I want. I can skip class if I want to. Well,
kinda... If I fail the classes, mom will pull me out of school. But
still, I’ve got Lara and regular friends that I hang around with. Shit.
It’s just... different."

Erik realized that finding "balance" was going to be an ongoing
challenge for him. Things were not the same for him in college as they
were in high school. He had started a new life and was still getting
adjusted to it. The fact that he wasn’t going to be able to fall into
his same old comfortable routine when things got difficult was
upsetting, even more, upsetting than getting kicked off of the team.
Erik was going to have to make hard choices at times and adjust to the
effects of those decisions.

Erik needed to feel "good" again, if not just for a little bit, just to
clear his mind of these heavy thoughts. He was depressed and wanted some
company. So, he logged into Lara’s site and saw that she had scheduled
camming sessions tonight. Erik felt like he needed to see her. Erik had
an API (Application Program Interface) account set up to automatically
upload videos of Lara’s private sessions with her customers directly to
her website. These videos were only accessible by the Administrator
accounts on Lara’s website and the specific user that Lara allowed
access to for each video. Lara’s private session customers had to make
accounts on her website to schedule a session. This account gave them
access to the video of the private session for the customer to watch
whenever they wanted to. However, for this to work, the service required
a separate API account that would be signed in after every session so it
could upload the video of the session as soon as it ended.

A limitation (or feature, depending on how you look at it) of the video
upload application was that if you had the credentials (username and
password) of the API account, you could use that to log into Lara’s
website as an Administrator, which would give the account Full rights to
carry out any action as the website "owner." In addition, the service
account could have multiple users accessing it at one time.
Administrators logged into the website would see the service account as
one of the current users logged in as it uploaded the new file.

This functionality was all part of a plugin that he purchased when
building the website for Lara. In the past, Erik never abused this
ability. He always knew he had access to this, but decided not to do
anything with it, because he didn’t feel like he needed to. Now, he had
gone the entire week without seeing Lara, and he really felt like he
needed a "connection" with her.

Erik used the API account to log into the website. There were brand new
videos that were uploaded only minutes earlier. Erik played one of them.
In the video, Erik could see Lara’s porn star alter-ego, Lola,
performing for a client. The client did not have video turned on, so
Erik couldn’t see him, but he could hear him talking to Lola. The two
were talking about the man’s day and how his job was difficult, and he
hated his boss, etc. Lola was dancing around, shaking her ass and
seductively caressing her breasts.

After a few minutes, the man asked her to finger herself, and Lola
complied. She started to moan, and so did the man on the session. Erik
assumed the man was masturbating to the show. Erik watched the entire
session until the man signed off. At that point, the video ended. Erik
refreshed the page and saw that there was another video uploaded just
then. Erik started the next video. Afterward, he checked again, and
there was yet another video. Erik kept continuously watching each new
video as the previous video ended.

Erik admired how dedicated and organized Lola was. She had total control
over everything and she made every customer feel special and unique.
Erik watched Lola for 3 hours, and he could tell which customers were
long-time regulars and which were new to the site just by their
interactions with Lola. Lola did an incredible job giving the long-time
regulars exactly what they wanted. Some just wanted to talk about their
day while looking at her and she almost acted like a wife, a mother, and
a therapist all in one. Others wanted her to do some really dirty stuff,
and Lola did her best to comply. Some treated her like she was a queen.
Others treated her badly, and she shook it off with a smile.

Erik had even more respect for Lola now seeing how much effort she put
into this. Her job was not as easy as he thought and she adapted herself
to each situation and each customer with so much elegance that he
couldn’t help but to admire her resolve. "She’s amazing," he kept
thinking.

Erik was now watching the video made for the final customer of the
night. He booked Lola for a full hour. Lola put on an incredible show
for him. She did everything and anything he asked. She started by
talking to him about his day. This conversation led into what had been
new with the man since they last spoke, which Erik assumed had been a
week prior, judging from the types of things he was saying to Lola. This
conversation lasted for 30 minutes. Then, she asked what he wanted her
to do tonight.

Things started off very slow in the video. First, he asked Lola to
finger herself. Next, he had her get on all fours leaning over the futon
so that he could watch her finger her ass and pussy at the same time.
Eventually, he had her get two dildos. The first one went into her ass.
Then, the second dildo in her pussy. She double penetrated herself with
both dildos as she moaned in delight. Finally, she laid down with her
back on the futon while she continued fucking herself with both dildos.
Her face was red, her mouth was open, screaming with a high pitch and it
looked incredibly sexy.

Erik could feel Lola eye fucking him behind the screen. In this place,
right here and now, everything else disappeared. At this moment, the
world around him went dark. Erik was focused on Lola. She was right in
front of him, and his hands went to her hips as he fucked her on her
futon. She screamed and moaned. "Oh fuck me, Erik. Fuck me. Make me cum.
I wanna cum all over your big cock."

The mixed sound of Lola's screaming and Erik's grunting overpowered any
other sounds. Erik fucked her harder and harder as she screamed louder
and louder. It was just the two of them, fucking in her apartment. Then,
Erik pulled out and came. He came all over her belly, around her
piercing and it dripped down the sides of her stomach.

Erik closed his eyes as he slipped back to reality, returning to his
desk chair in his room. Erik could hear the customer finish as well
through the headset. Erik opened his eyes to Lola cumming (or pretending
to cum, Erik couldn’t tell the difference). Erik's eyes became heavy as
he continued to feel the calming effects of his orgasm.

Erik’s eyes moved downward, finally noticing the sight of his semen
splashed all over the keys of his keyboard. "Oh fuck! Not again!" Erik
yelled out, jolting him out of his seat and destroying his euphoric
feeling. "Son of a bitch!" He tilted the laptop lid backward, so the
screen was parallel to the desk. He grabbed his toilet paper and began
cleaning off his keyboard as Lola said her goodbyes to the customer. She
blew a kiss goodbye. This distracted Erik for a moment. Erik did the
same, blowing a kiss back to Lola behind the screen. Putting his hand
back down to clean the laptop, he realized that he felt something wet on
his face. He looked at his hands covered in his cum. "Fuck!" He screamed
again as he frantically scrubbed at his face with toilet paper. He
turned around and found his trash can. Erik started spitting into the
can, trying to rid himself of his mistake.

Erik went down to his knees and began to dry heave. "Get it together
Erik," he thought. "It's your cum. It's not like some random guy's cum
got in your mouth... Oh god..." The thought of it made him throw up into
the trash can. He grabbed a bottle of water, swished and spit out the
contents into the trash can. Then, he grabbed his bath towel and cleaned
himself up.

Erik sat back down in his desk chair. He tilted the lid forward so he
could see the screen from his sitting position. There was a still frame
shot of the last picture in the video, Lola blowing the kiss. Erik
stared at the photo. He felt utterly in love with Lola. It was late, and
Erik felt tired and sick (from throwing up moments ago). Erik stood up
from his chair. He was completely naked, except for his socks, having
shed his clothing sometime during the 3 hours of watching Lola. Erik
climbed into his bed, pulled up the sheet, and went to sleep.

The next day was Saturday, and Erik slept later than usual. He woke up
feeling the best he had felt in 3 days. Erik logged on to Lara’s website
and saw another new video with Rocco. The video was over 25 minutes
long, and it had several edits to it, with multiple camera angles,
fade-ins and flash-in/outs. It looked like one of the most
professionally shot videos that Lara had over posted.

This time, Rocco was manhandling Lola around her apartment. He was
lifting her up and carrying her around all over the place. He was
fucking her up against the wall, the window, and the desk. He flipped
her around and did a standing 69. His head was buried between her legs,
and she furiously sucked his cock while she was upside down. Then, Rocco
put her down on the couch and laid down on the floor. He put his arms
over his head and bridged upward, so his feet and hands were supporting
the weight of his body that was pushed up off the ground. Lara grabbed
her red cowboy hat, which was lying on the floor and held it above her
head as she straddled him. Rocco held the bridge position while Lara
jumped up and down on top of him like she was riding a horse. "Yee-haw!"
she screamed out as she rode on top of Rocco. Just then, the same cowboy
stripper song that Lara played for Erik started to play in the video.

Erik’s jaw dropped in pure amazement. "How the fuck am I going to do
that?" Erik thought. "I need to get back to the gym right now." Erik put
on his workout clothes and ran to the rec center. There were more people
there today, but Erik’s same machine was still open. It had been four
days since his last workout, and most of the soreness had worn down. He
didn’t feel the discomfort anymore when doing normal activities. Every
now and again, he would move awkwardly and feel the fatigue, but it was
no longer the norm. Erik’s skin redness had also gone down, so his skin
wasn’t as sensitive from the burn. Erik was now ready to workout again.

Erik looked at the machine and remembered how strong Rocco was. "I’m
never going to get ripped unless I really boost the weight and push
myself," he thought. Erik set the weights to double what he worked out
with during his previous workout session. He sat down to try and bench
press. Erik pushed with all his might, but the bar barely budged. "I
guess that’s too much," he thought. He reduced the weight slightly and
tried again. He pushed with all his might and slowly was able to put up
the weight. He attempted another rep and was shaking under the crushing
weight.

"UNLEASH THE FURY!" Erik yelled inside his head, trying to motivate
himself to lift the weight. He held his breath and kept adjusting
himself, trying to throw more power to each side to gradually get the
bar up. As he did it, he felt a tearing sensation in his back-left
shoulder, which sent him reeling in pain. He dropped the bar, and the
plates fell with a smack.

Everyone heard it and looked over to see Erik sit up, looking like he
was going to cry as he rubbed his back shoulder. "Are you OK?" someone
said walking over to him.

"Yeah," Erik winced. "I think I pulled something."

"Let me see," he walked behind Erik and pushed on his shoulder. "Does
that hurt?"

"Yes," Erik winced again.

"It looks like you pulled a muscle," the guy said. "You should go warm
it up and then stretch it out. Get some pain relievers. That’s going to
hurt for a few days. Try not to use it until it’s healed."

"OK," Erik gasped. "Thanks."

"If you need a personal trainer, here’s my card," the guy said handing
him a card. Erik took the card as he walked away.

Erik walked back to his room rubbing his shoulder the whole time. He
felt defeated, but he was more concentrated on stopping the pain. When
he finally got back to his room, he took a hot shower to loosen up his
muscles, swallowed some aspirin and fell asleep. When he woke up, it was
dinner time. He went downstairs with Bret and Steve and told them about
pulling his muscle.

"What the fuck are you doing to yourself?" Bret asked.

"I’m trying to, you know, look better," Erik said.

"You’re going to make porn with Lola aren’t you?" Bret asked.

"What?" Steve said looking at Erik.

"No," Erik said. He paused, then looked down. "I don’t know."

Steve started laughing to himself.

"What’s so funny?" Erik asked defensively, looking up at Steve.

"Calm down," Steve said. "I’m not trying to be a dick, but you aren’t
the porn type."

"What is that supposed to mean?" Erik shot back.

"You look like a white toothpick," Steve responded. "Porn guys look more
like me."

"So you saying you could be in porn and I can’t?" Erik asked raising his
voice.

"I’m saying I look like I could be in porn and you don’t," Steve said
calmly. "I’m not doing porn."

"Oh, so since you’re a jock, you can do fucking anything, but the skinny
computer dork, he can’t do shit?" Erik blurted out defiantly. "You are a
fucking egomaniac!"

"Maybe," Steve said. "But I know what I look like, and I don’t look like
a strong wind could blow me around like a kite."

"Fuck you," Erik said.

"I bet you were the kind of guy in High School who got a fake ID just to
vote," Steve said.

"OK there Sporto," Erik responded. "Real fucking original and clever for
a fucking halfwit ogre."

"Watch it snowflake," Steve shot back. "I’m trying to be honest with
you."

"Whoa!," Bret cut in. "Both of you, chill the fuck out."

"He fucking started it!" Erik yelled.

"Shut the fuck up Erik," Bret said. "I don’t give a fuck who said what
or started shit. I’m not going to witness a murder tonight."

"What’s that supposed to mean?" Erik shot back. "You don’t think I could
take him out?" Steve started to laugh, and Bret cracked a smile.

"Erik," Bret said. "Calm your shit down... and think about what you want
to do next. I don’t want to watch my friends try to kill each other over
dinner, alright? Just take a deep breath and finish your food."

"Yeah," Steve started. "And the..."

"You too," Bret cut him off. "Stop this shit... now."

There was an awkward pause. Then, Erik stood up, "I’m going to the
bathroom." Erik walked out of the cafeteria.

"C’mon, you think he had a chance against me?" Steve asked
condescendingly.

"No," Bret said. "But he’s fucking himself up all over the place.
Against you, he might hurt himself, permanently." Steve understood and
nodded.

Erik never returned. Instead, he went upstairs to his room and locked
the door. He used the API account to watch the videos from Lola’s live
webcams. Erik started the first video and noticed that she was with
Rocco. There was another user logged on to the API account, which Erik
assumed was the plugin logging on multiple times to upload other new
files. Lola introduced Rocco as her boyfriend. Erik’s heart was ripping
out of his chest as he watched the 2 of them perform all kinds of sexual
acts on the live webcam for Lola’s customers. Erik cried for 3 hours
watching them, drowning himself in his own personal pool of tears. He
cried while he watched them kiss each other, he cried while he jerked
off to them, and he cried listening to them say kind loving things to
each other. "I never had a chance," Erik thought.

In the end, Erik logged out and cried himself to sleep. It was an
exhausting night.

Sunday morning, Erik’s shoulder was extremely sore from the injury the
day before. He stayed in his room all morning and afternoon. Just before
dinner, there was a knock at the door.

"Erik, it’s Bret," the voice said. "I know you’re in there man, open up.
Dude, c’mon. You can’t waste your life sitting in your fucking room all
day. Open the fucking door."

Erik walked to the door and opened it. "What?" Erik said sharply.

"Let’s talk," Bret said. Erik stared at him.

"Fine," Erik said walking back into his room. Bret followed him and shut
the door behind him.

"Alright," Bret said sitting down. "Wanna tell me what the fuck is going
on?"

"She’s with someone else?" Erik said.

"Who?" Bret asked.

"Lara," Erik said.

"The porn chick?" Bret asked. "Again? Seriously? She’s the reason you’re
all fucked in the head?"

"She’s dating some other porn dude," Erik said. "He’s like some
musclehead jock guy."

"That guy that just fucked her in the ass?" Bret asked.

"How did you see that?" Erik asked.

"She’s got some good videos, so I check them out," Bret said.

"You pay the subscription?" Erik asked.

"No, I saw the username and password on your desk," Bret responded. "You
don’t keep that shit hidden. 'J McKeegan and Smash the mirror' are easy
to remember."

"Nice...," Erik said condescendingly.

"Anyway, how many times do I need to say this to you?" Bret responded.
"She’s not the dating type."

"I saw her," Erik said. "On her webcams. That guy and her both do porn
together and then they must be dating or something. She was kissing him,
and they were saying how much they loved each other."

"Dear fucking god!" Bret said. "How fucking stupid are you?"

"What?" Erik said.

"You saw her put on some fucking show, with some fucking jersey shore
looking mother fucker, and you think she’s in love with this guy?" Bret
asked. "That’s what you’re telling me?"

"I saw it," Erik said.

"You saw it on her fucking porn show!" Bret said. "That shit ain’t real!
That’s the whole fucking point."

Erik thought about it some more. But then he remembered more. "But they
were kissing," Erik said. "She would never kiss me. She probably only
does that with him."

Bret stared at him. Erik stared back waiting for Bret to say something.

"Alright," Bret finally said. "I’m not getting through to you. So, let
me try it this way. You’re fucked up. You’re making dumb decisions,
you’re picking fights with people, and you’re hurting yourself in the
process. If I didn’t step in between you and Biggs yesterday, he would
have torn you a new asshole. So, whatever it is that’s fucking with you,
try to figure that shit out before you decide to walk into another
suicide mission. Cause, I don’t want to see you get hurt, but I ain’t
always going to be there to stop you."

Bret got up and opened the door. "And I know you like this girl," Bret
followed. "And I’m sure she’s made you feel good. But what you don’t see
is how everyone looks at you when she makes you feel like shit. Cause
you ain’t being you right now. You’re someone else." Then, Bret walked
out and shut the door behind him.

Erik knew Bret was right, but he just couldn’t accept it. After thinking
about it for some time, Erik decided that he needed to sever all ties
with Lara. Erik felt it was the only way he could get over her. He
remembered that he gave Lara a backup of her website already, so there
was no need to keep any of the accounts or the information anymore. So,
Erik walked to his desk, found the paper where he wrote down Lara’s
website information, tore it up and threw it out. Then he cleaned up his
room and showered. After that, he went downstairs. He met up with Bret
and Steve for dinner.
