Chapter 16
==========

<br />
<blockquote>
<table>
<tr>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00101011
</td>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00111101
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
00110011
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</blockquote>
<br />

Monday morning, Erik woke up and completed his daily routine. At his
first class, Professor Hand reminded everyone again that Friday was the
midterm exam. Professor Hand passed out envelopes to everyone with their
grades. When Erik received his, Erik opened the envelope to see the
grade of C-.

"Fuck," he thought. "I’m not doing so great in here." Professor Hand
reminded the class that the midterm was worth 30% of their final grade.
"I need to get a good grade on this test, or I’m totally fucked." After
class, Jessica waited for Erik.

"Hey!," she said.

"Hey," Erik said back nervously.

"We’re getting together every day for a nightly study group for the
midterm," she continued. "You want to join us?"

"Uh, yeah!" Erik said. "Sounds great!"

"Cool," Jessica said. "Meet us at the Liberal Arts library at seven
tomorrow night."

"I’ll be there," Erik said. Jessica smiled and then walked out with the
other student that she normally talked to.

"Alright, that should help," Erik thought to himself, feeling more
relieved. He took the bus back to the dorms and ate lunch. After lunch,
Erik did homework and played video games with Bret. When it was time,
Erik went to his next class. Just as Professor Hand had done earlier
that day, Ms. Benes reminded the students of midterms on Friday. And
again, just like in Erik's earlier class, Ms. Benes handed out the
current grades. Erik looked at his grade in the math class and saw that
he was receiving a B+. "I was pretty sure I would be fine in here," he
thought.

After class, Jessica stopped him. "Do you want to study together for
this class?" she asked.

"Sure," Erik said. "I’m doing better in this class then Psych."

"I’m not," Jessica said. "I’m getting an A in Psych, but I have a B- in
here."

"Oh," Erik said. "I have a C- in Psych and a B+ in here."

"Yikes," Jessica said. "Are you worried?"

"About Psych, yes," Erik said. "About this math class, nope. I haven’t
studied for anything in here."

"Really?" Jessica said. "I’ve been studying, and I’m struggling."

"I can help you," Erik said. "When do you want to study?"

"How about after Psych class tomorrow?" Jessica said.

"Sounds great," Erik said.

The two rode the bus together back to the dorms and walked to the
cafeteria for dinner. They sat down together at a table. Lexi was
already in the cafeteria with another girl but saw Jessica sit down at
the other table with Erik. Both, Lexi and the other girl walked over to
Erik and Jessica and sat down with them. Lexi introduced the girl as Li,
another girl that lived on the same floor as Jessica and Lexi. Then,
Bret and Steve saw them all sitting together and joined them at the
table.

Jessica and Lexi both rolled their eyes at each other at the sight of
Steve. When Steve sat down, he couldn’t take his eyes off of Li. Li
could feel Steve’s eyes burning a hole through her. She didn’t look over
at him, thinking that he would stop staring at some point. Instead, he
continued to stare. Finally, Li looked over at him. "What?" she said to
him.

"Nothing," Steve said.

"Why do you keep staring?" Li asked.

"I’m watching you, so you don’t go all kung fu on me again," Steve said.

"Don’t say anything stupid," Li jabbed back.

"What’s this about?" Bret asked.

"She’s fucking crazy," Steve said.

"Your friend is a moron," Li said.

"Yep," Bret said.

"And he says pigheaded crap to girls that walk by," Li continued.

"No doubt," Bret quickly responded.

"And he harassed me," Li continued again.

"Sounds right," Bret responded.

"And I kicked his ass," Li ended.

"Awesome!," Bret said looking over at Steve. "You got beat up by a
girl?"

"She’s stronger than she looks!" Steve exclaimed. The whole table
erupted in laughter while Steve sat there glaring at Li. She smiled
coldly back at him.

"You could have just said you had a boyfriend," Steve said.

"I do," Li responded.

"Great. Who's the lucky guy?"

"His name is Guy... umm... Nice."

"Guy Nice?" Steve blurted out. "That's so fake you might as well call
him Hero Protagonist."

"Oh... Protagonist," Li responded. "That's a big word for you. Was that
an accident? You feeling ok? You having a seizure or something? Speaking
in tongues is common for brain injuries, strokes, demonic
possessions..."

"You're fucking hilarious. It's too bad Nice Guy isn't here to laugh
along."

"I know, he would love to meet the dumb jock I fucked up."

"And I would love to meet Yours Truly." Steve and Li continued glaring
at each other.

Just then, Jessica’s boyfriend and his friend, who was in Jessica and
Erik’s morning Psychology class arrived and sat down as well. Jessica
introduced them as Dave, her boyfriend, and his friend Bob. There was a
friendly conversation around the table, and everyone seemed to get
along. Afterward, everyone said their goodbyes and split off into groups
going their own separate ways.

Bret, Steve, and Erik went outside for Bret’s cigarette and then back to
Bret’s room for their nightly after dinner video game session. As they
were playing the video game, Bret started talking about their company at
dinner.

"Jessica’s boyfriend is a real dick," Bret said.

"What?" Erik said. "Why do you say that?"

"Fucker walks around like he’s tough shit," Bret said. "Arrogant prick."
Steve nodded.

"I think he’s fine," Erik said trying to pacify Bret.

"You didn’t mind that he was laying into you?" Bret asked.

"What do you mean?" Erik asked.

"He must have said ‘Hey, lay off my girlfriend,' like twenty fucking
times whenever you two were talking about school.," Bret said. "He acts
like she’s his fucking property and you’re trespassing or some shit like
that."

Erik remembered that Dave did say that a lot, but Erik thought it was
just his way of being funny and working his way into the conversation.

"I think he’s alright," Erik said. "That’s probably just the way he is."

"He’s a fucking dick is what he is," Bret said. "What the fuck was that
shit!?!" Bret threw his hands up in the air watching a replay on the TV
that depicted his character being quick-scoped by a sniper halfway
across the map.

"Where the fuck did that asshole come from?" Bret said.

"I got ‘em," Steve said. On Steve’s split screen, he ran up behind an
enemy. The enemy turned and killed Steve with a melee attack.

"That’s some shit right there," Steve said.

"That must have been that Asian chick from dinner that stuck you," Bret
said jokingly. "Did she turnaround like that with a pipe and beat you
with it?"

"No," Steve said defensively. Then, his volume went down. "She didn’t
have a weapon. She just... Knows how to fight..." Bret and Erik laughed
hysterically.

"She fought you straight up and kicked your ass?" Bret asked.

"As I said," Steve said defensively. "She’s a lot tougher than she
looks. Besides, I wasn’t going to hit a..." Just then, Bret and Steve
were both killed on the screen by the same player, again. They both
swore at the TV.

"You guys aren’t very good at this," Erik said. "Not exactly Griggs and
Ghost."

"What?" Bret said still playing the game.

"The heroes," Erik said. No one said anything. Steve and Bret looked at
each other confused.

"The guys from the campaign," Erik said.

"Camp, what?" Steve said.

"The single-player game," Erik said.

"Who the fuck plays that?" Bret said. "You play this game online, or you
don’t fucking play it. Again! That mother fucker!" Bret gestured to the
TV again.

"Fuckers," Steve said at the end of the round. The team Steve and Bret
were on had lost.

"Pick a map you guys are better at for the next round," Erik said.
"You’ll probably still get spanked from Anzio to Argantan, or in the
Avalanche." Bret and Steve looked back at Erik. "Nevermind. Just, try
not to die. There’s a strategy for you." Erik said smiling to himself.

"Whatever," Bret said changing the subject. "Just watch yourself with
that asshole she’s dating. That fucker and his big fucking weasel of a
friend are no good."

"You’re just saying that cause he was hitting on Lexi," Erik said. Erik
thought Bret was just jealous and territorial.

"Man, she can make up her own mind about that jackass," Bret said. "But
for you... those two would stab you in the back without even thinking
about it. Just watch yourself."

Erik shrugged off the warning. "Bret’s just being Bret," Erik thought.
"Yeah, maybe this guy is a little controlling over her, but I probably
would be too. She’s fucking hot, so how can you not feel a little
worried about every dude she talks to? Once he gets to know me better,
he’ll be alright with me." Eventually, Erik went back to his room. Erik
was finished getting ready for bed and opened his laptop. He navigated
to his "Jessica porn" folder, masturbated, and went to sleep for the
night.

The next morning, Erik started his day the same as he always does. After
his first class, Erik and Jessica walked to the library to study. Before
they left, Bob asked where they were going. Jessica told him that they
were headed to the Liberal Arts Library to study for their math class.
Bob stayed back and watched as Erik and Jessica walked to the Liberal
Arts Library.

Jessica and Erik found a study room, which was a room that had a closed
door with a window on it so you could see in and out slightly. The room
had a table that would seat four people and power outlets on the wall
next to the table for laptops. The two sat down at the table and pulled
out their textbooks and notes.

Erik and Jessica started to step through problems from each chapter in
the study guide. Jessica explained that she was able to understand the
problems from the first few chapters, but it was clear that somewhere
around the second week’s material, she began to struggle. It only got
worse into the 3rd week, and now she seemed almost lost with the latest
material.

Erik knew the material in this class in and out. He had already taken
the class in High school, but on the day of the entrance exam to test
out of it, he had a miserable night’s sleep and wasn’t thinking well. He
missed the test by one question, requiring him to retake the course.

Erik and Jessica were working through the problems, and Erik was filling
in the gaps for Jessica where she had questions. Jessica’s understanding
of the material was getting better. They studied together for just over
an hour. Then, there was a quick knock at the door just before it swung
open. It was Jessica’s boyfriend, Dave.

"You two behaving?" Dave said in a stern tone.

"Ha," Jessica said. "Very funny. We’re studying for the math exam. And
yeah, it’s helping."

"Good," Dave said. "This guy keeping his hands off of you?." He pointed
to Erik.

Erik just smiled. "We’re just going over the math problems," Erik said.

"Jessica?" Dave said ignoring Erik’s comment.

"No," Jessica responded. "He’s a perfect gentleman, Dave."

"Uh, huh," Dave said with a pause. "Why don’t you take a break and I’ll
take you out to lunch?"

Jessica looked at Erik. "Well we haven’t been at it too long, and I need
the practice," she said.

"It’s ok Jessica," Erik said. "We can go over more later."

"Alright then," Dave said. "Let’s go Jessica."

Jessica packed her things in her backpack while Dave gave Erik an icy
cold stare. Erik looked up and his eyes connected with Dave for a
moment. Dave’s intimidating stare made Erik very uncomfortable. Erik
quickly lowered his eyes again at his notebook.

Jessica finished gathering her things together in her backpack. "I’ll
see you later, Erik," she said walking out. Dave continued staring at
Erik and then shut the door behind him as Jessica and Dave left for
lunch.

Erik sat there in silence remembering what Bret said. "Does he really
think I’m going to make a move on Jessica?" Erik thought. "I mean, she’s
hot, but that’s just not right. I wouldn’t do that. I know he just feels
that way cause he doesn’t know me. If he got to know me better, he
wouldn’t act like this."

Erik collected his things and walked to the Hotel Management building
cafeteria. This was a student-run cafeteria by many of the first and
second year students who were pursuing a degree in Restaurant and Hotel
Management. Inside, he saw Li working behind the counter. Erik went up
to her and said hi.

"Hi," she said quickly.

"How are you doing today?" Erik asked.

"Fine," Li said again quickly.

"So...," Erik started. "What do you recommend?"

"Umm," she stuttered. "What?"

"What food would you recommend for today?" Erik asked feeling his face
getting flushed. This was all that Erik could think of to talk about,
and he was impressed with himself that he even thought of it. He was
worried that he had nothing else to go on if she wasn’t going to
participate in the conversation.

"You want hot or cold?" Li asked him.

"What?" Erik asked.

"Do you want hot food or cold food?" Li asked again.

"Cold food," Erik said.

"There are sandwiches in the cooler over there," Li said pointing to a
cooler off to her left. "They’re OK."

"What about hot food?" Erik asked, trying this exchange again.

"I don’t know," Li said. "It’s vegetable soup. I haven’t tried it."

"OK," Erik said quickly. "I’ll go for a sandwich."

"OK," Li said watching him walk to the cooler. Erik opened the cooler
and picked out a ham and cheese sandwich on white bread. He looked over
at Li who was still staring at him. Erik held up the sandwich in
acknowledgment and then walked to the register to pay for the sandwich.
Li continued to watch him. Erik stood at the register waiting for
someone he could pay for the sandwich.

After a moment, Li took off her chef’s hat and walked over to the
register. She put on a visor.

"Hello," Li said.

"Hi," Erik said back.

"Just the sandwich?" Li asked.

"Yes," Erik said back.

"Would you like chips and a drink for an extra 2 dollars?" Li asked.

"Umm, sure," Erik said. Li handed him a cup and a bag of chips. Then, Li
took his money and gave him a receipt.

"Thank you," Li said, robotically.

"Thanks," Erik said. Erik walked over to the soda machine to pour a
drink. Li continued to watch him. Then, Erik took a seat at a table and
sat down. The cafeteria was empty except for him and one other person.
Li continued to stare at Erik. Erik kept glancing over, noticing Li
staring at him. Finally, she took off the visor, then walked back to the
hot food counter and put her chef hat on. Afterward, she continued to
watch Erik.

Li’s gaze made Erik feel extremely uncomfortable, so he ate quickly.
While he was eating, he noticed that Hank was the other person in the
cafeteria. Hank had his laptop and antenna, same as before and was busy
typing. Suddenly, he looked up at Erik and saw that Erik was wearing a
smartwatch.

"Nice watch," Hank said to Erik.

"Thanks," Erik said.

"That looks like Samuels brand," Hank said.

"It is," Erik responded.

"How do you like it?" Hank asked.

Erik looked down at it. "It's alright," Erik responded.

"Have you played around with the firmware at all?" Hank asked. "Like did
you do anything special to it?"

"I was nervous about the Bluetooth vulnerability that's out there right
now," Erik said. "So, I downloaded the source code for the firmware from
the manufacturer's website and patched it myself. I compiled my own
firmware with the patch and installed it. I posted the fixes back to
them, but they haven't done anything with it yet. Beyond that, no."

"I see," Hank said, looking back down at his laptop. "That explains it."
Erik continued looking at Hank, waiting for Hank to say something else.
Eventually, Erik turned back to his food, shaking off the strange
encounter.

Hank didn’t look up from the screen or say anything else for the rest of
the time that Erik was there. Hank just kept typing and randomly taking
puffs of his electronic cigarette. When Erik was finished with his food,
he gathered his things and began to walk out. On his way out, Erik said
goodbye to Li. "Thank you for coming," she said back to him. Erik walked
out as Li continued to stare at him. Afterward, Erik went to the
computer lab since he still had a lot of time until his next class.

After a few hours in the computer lab, Erik went to his second class.
Inside, he saw Jessica. Jessica apologized for Dave’s interruption of
their study session. Erik said it was no big deal and shrugged off the
encounter. Jessica thanked Erik for all his help and asked him for
another study session. They agreed to study again tomorrow after
Psychology class.

Erik and Jessica rode the bus together back to the dorms and went to the
cafeteria for dinner. Again, they sat together, and again they were
joined by everyone else. Erik could feel Bret’s disdain for Dave and Bob
with the sarcasm that Bret would respond with. Erik also felt the
tension level rise as Dave and Bob reacted to Bret’s responses. Erik was
starting to think that a fight could erupt and his mind began to race
about what that might cause. An altercation would stop everyone from
being able to sit together in the future, and Erik enjoyed his time with
this group of people.

Erik noticed that Hank was sitting in the corner of the cafeteria
accompanied by his antenna and laptop. "Have you guys ever met Hank?"
Erik said, cutting into the current conversation, trying to divert
attention away from a new disagreement at the table.

"Whose Hank?" Bret asked.

"Over there with the laptop and antenna," Erik said.

"He told me his name is Walt," Bret said looking at Hank.

"That guy called himself Jesse when he asked me about my cell phone."
Steve said. Everyone stopped to look at Hank/Walt/Jesse typing in the
corner. Hank took a long drag of his electronic cigarette and exhaled a
giant cloud of vapor in the air.

"That’s bizarre," Erik said.

The diversion helped to relieve the pressure that was rising at the
table. The previous disagreement was forgotten, and the conversation
floated over to a humorous video clip that recently went viral. Nothing
ended up happening, and everyone went on their way after they were all
done eating.

After dinner, Erik went to the Psychology study group. Erik saw Bob
there and said hi. Bob said nothing but instead gave Erik a cold
acknowledgment by curling his lip and nose. Then, Bob shook his head as
he continued to stare down at his phone. When Jessica arrived, Bob
stopped looking at his phone and greeted her warmly. The rest of the
group assembled and studied together. After 3 hours of studying, they
finally called it a night at 10 PM. Bob, Jessica, and Erik walked out
through the front of the building. Dave drove up and parked in the front
of the structure just as the three walked out. Erik watched as Dave
picked up Bob and Jessica. Then, Dave said: "I don’t have enough room
for another. I’ve got some other stuff in here." Just as Erik was in the
middle of saying, "Oh, that’s OK," Dave sped off leaving Erik there,
alone.

After everything that happened today, Erik was beginning to understand
what Bret was talking about. Erik took out his phone and saw that there
was a night bus that ran by a stop on the corner every hour until
midnight. Erik rushed over to the bus stop just as the bus was making
its approach. When the bus stopped, Erik walked onto the bus and rode it
back to the dorm. On the ride back to the dorm, Erik was thinking about
how he could win over Dave and Bob. "If they just got to know me," he
kept thinking, naively. When Erik arrived back in his room, he got ready
for bed. Erik opened his laptop and opened his "Jessica porn." folder,
jerked off, and then crawled into bed.

On Wednesday, Erik woke up, completed his same morning routine and went
to class. After class, Erik and Jessica went to the Liberal Arts
Library, but it was shut down because the air conditioner was broke. So,
the 2 went to the Math library instead. After 30 minutes of being there,
Jessica was getting several texts from Dave: "Where are you? What are
you doing? Why aren’t you texting back?" These texts were distracting
her, so she just responded: "In the Math library, studying."

In 5 minutes, the door to their study room burst open, and Dave barged
in through the doorway with Bob next to him.

"Why can’t you respond to texts?" Dave said firmly.

"I did," Jessica said. "I’m studying in the library, so I turned down
the volume."

"This is bullshit Jessica," Dave said sternly. "Let’s go now!"

"What?" Jessica asked confused. "Why?"

"Cause I said so," Dave said demanding her complacency.

"No," Jessica said calmly. The expression on her face went from happy to
angry. "I can’t do that, Dave. I need to study for my test." With that,
Dave stepped forward and grabbed her arm.

"Let’s go," Dave said louder. Erik stood up.

"Dave, stop!" he said. Dave instantly let go of Jessica and got right up
in Erik’s face. Erik felt very intimidated, especially with Bob standing
directly behind Dave. Erik and Dave were almost nose-to-nose and Dave
had a furious look on his face. Erik looked down.

"What are you going to do?" Dave said combatively.

"I’m not looking for a fight," Erik managed to say, his voice shaky.

"Oh yeah?" Dave said. "Then sit down and shut up." Dave started to turn
back toward Jessica.

"Let her make her own decision," Erik said. Dave stopped and turned back
toward Erik.

"What’s that?" Dave asked.

"Let her make her own...," Erik tried to say just as Dave pushed Erik
hard. Erik tripped over the seat cushion of the seat which made him fall
back into the chair. Dave raises his arms looking like he’s about ready
to cock his fist and throw it.

"Dave, stop!" Jessica yelled.

Dave relaxed his arms and then turned back to Jessica. "Oh, I get it,"
Dave started to say. "You’re sweet on this guy! This little stick figure
is trying to fuck my girlfriend, and you like the attention! But look at
him, Jessica. You think this guy is hot shit? Can’t even fend for
himself!" Dave looked back at Erik. "You pussy. I’ll knock your fucking
head off." Dave’s words hung out there shredding Erik’s confidence to
nothing. Erik kept his head down, trying not to make eye contact with
Dave. Erik felt emasculated and demoralized. He was on the verge of
tears.

"Let’s go, Jessica," Dave said, finally breaking the silence.

"No," Jessica said defiantly. "I’m staying here." Dave stared at her
sternly.

"I’m not asking," Dave said.

"Neither am I," Jessica responded. Dave’s face was distorted in anger.

"You wanna be with this pathetic fucker?" Dave yelled out.

"I’m studying," Jessica said calmly.

"Yeah?" Dave yelled.

"Yes," Jessica said.

Dave shook his head in disgust. Erik kept his head down. Dave looked at
Erik and then at Jessica, who was giving Dave an angry, defiant stare
back. Then, Dave turned around and left, slamming the door behind him.
Bob was already outside the room and followed Dave.

Erik looked up at Jessica. They just stared at each other for a few
seconds. Erik put his eyes down.

"I’m sorry," Jessica said quietly.

"It’s ok," Erik says. "He seems... great..." Erik was trying to do
anything to lighten up the mood and retrieve any shred of dignity
possible with humor.

"You probably don’t want to do this anymore," Jessica started. "So I’m
just going to go study somewhere else." Jessica started to gather her
things. Erik stared at her, watching her grab her books in a hurry. She
was embarrassed and visibly upset at what had happened. Erik didn’t want
her to leave, but his confidence level was so severely damaged that he
didn’t know what to say.

"Wait...," Erik said finally. Jessica paused and looked over at him.
"Stay..." She looked at him strangely. He stared back at her. "Please?"
Erik said with a slight smile, like a puppy dog begging for food. This
made Jessica smile too.

"OK," she said. She sat back down and opened her book. "Where were we?"
she asked.

"Chapter 17," Erik said, confidently and the two began to study again.
