Chapter 18
==========

<br />

Erik jolted awake in his desk chair. He was up late last night studying
for the Psychology exam. His anxiety was getting the better of him
again, so at around 5 AM, he decided to give himself a quick hit of his
drug to calm his nerves. Another rough sex video. This time, the girl
was tied up in a sex chamber and being whipped, paddled, and fucked
until she was screaming. The result put him to sleep on his chair,
again. Erik saw the time and realized that if he didn’t move quickly, he
was going to be late to his Psychology midterm. He jumped out of his
chair, tripped on the pants that were around his ankles and fell flat on
his face. He was still groggy from jolting awake, so he wasn’t able to
protect himself during the fall. His nose exploded in blood.

Erik grabbed his face and saw the blood. "Fuck!," he yelled. Erik
thought that he might have broken his nose. Erik quickly took off his
shirt and started to wipe the blood off. He saw how much had come out
and panicked. "What the fuck do I do??" he thought. Erik looked in the
mirror on his closet door and saw that the impact seemed to cause the
most amount of blood. However, it was still streaming down from his
nostrils. Erik pulled up his pants and went to the bathroom. He washed
his face so he could see how severe the wound was.

He remembered seeing people pinch their nose and put their head back. So
he tried that. The blood ran down the back of his throat, and he began
to choke on it. He started hacking up blood and spitting it into the
sink. "That was fucking stupid," he said to himself. Bret walked into
the bathroom.

"Where the fuck you been?" Bret said. Erik looked over, blood running
down his nose still. Bret saw that Erik looked like he was punched in
the face. "What the fuck happened to you? Those fuckers rough you up?"

"No, I fell," Erik said.

"Is this one of those, 'no he didn’t hit me, I swear. I tripped making
dinner, type things?'" Bret said. "Don’t protect those assholes."

"No, I really fell," Erik said embarrassed.

"What were you doing?" Bret asked.

"I...," Erik started. "I woke up late. And I rushed out of bed, tripped
and fell."

"You are one clumsy fuck, man," Bret said. "I think I got some gauze
bandages and shit. You’re probably going to want to get to the doctor
though. If that thing is broke, they’re going to need to straighten it
out for you. Let me get something cold."

Bret walked out of the bathroom and walked back in with two cans of
soda.

"Here, hold these on both sides for 5 min to bring down the swelling,"
Bret said. "Take this gauze too. It might help."

Erik followed the instructions and eventually, the bleeding started to
go down.

"I have to go, or I’m going to be late for the exam," Erik said.

"Alright," Bret said. "Pack some shit up your nose for the test, so you
don’t bleed all over the paper. Use the gauze or some tissue or
something like that. Go to the ER after and have them take a look at
that thing. Looks pretty nasty. There’s a hospital a couple of blocks
away."

Erik went to his room and looked in the mirror. He took the gauze that
Bret gave him and started to wrap it around his face. After he was done,
he stared at himself in the mirror as the blood seeped through.

"I look like a defective ninja," Erik said to himself. Erik removed the
gauze and decided to pack his nose with a box of tissue that he had.
Then he changed his clothes, threw the box of tissue in his backpack and
rushed out to the bus stop. Erik made it just in time and rode the bus
to class. When Erik arrived at the building, he didn’t notice Jessica
walking behind him. Erik walked into the class past Bob, who laughed to
himself at the site of Erik. Erik took a seat and soon after, Jessica
walked into the classroom. She saw Erik’s nose stuffed with tissue.

"Are you alright?" Jessica asked Erik.

"Yeah," Erik said quickly, embarrassed.

"What happened?" Jessica asked. Erik looked at Bob who was still
laughing to himself.

"I fell," Erik said. Professor Hand walked into the classroom with a
stack of papers.

"Alright everyone!" he said. "Put all your books, notes, study guides,
phones, laptops, anything else that isn’t a number 2 pencil away. It’s
time for your midterm." Professor Hand looked at Erik who had a tissue
box on his desk. The instructor watched Erik pull a bloody tissue out of
his nose, crumble up the tissue, toss it into his backpack, take another
tissue and stuff it up his nose. Erik slowly started to move the tissue
box to his backpack.

"Tissue is also OK," Professor Hand said. Erik stopped and put the
tissue box back on his desk. Bob continued laughing to himself.

All of the students quietly took the test. When Erik was done, he handed
in his exam and walked out of the room toward the bus stop. Bob finished
quickly after and followed Erik out of the room. "Dave catch up with you
this morning?" Bob asked.

"No," Erik said, walking faster.

"Whoa, slow down," Bob said. "I just want to know who you pissed off."

"Noone," Erik said. "I fell."

"So you... just fell?" Bob asked.

"Yes," Erik said. Bob couldn’t contain himself and burst out laughing.

"I thought for sure Dave beat the shit out of you," Bob said. "He’s
going to laugh his ass off when he finds out the floor did it for him."

"What?" Jessica said behind Bob. Erik and Bob turned toward her. "What
did you say?"

"I was just laughing at Erik’s story about falling," Bob said hoping she
didn’t hear what he just said. "It’s funny. Tell her Erik."

"Dave is going to beat the shit out of Erik?" Jessica asked.

"Noooo," Bob said. "Who said anything about Dave? I was laughing that
Erik fell on his face for no reason. I mean, c’mon. You can’t see where
you’re going? Haha." Jessica looked at Erik who held his head in shame.

The bus arrived, and everyone got on. At the dorm, several people got
off the bus, including Bob and Jessica. Erik looked out the window,
watching Bob still trying to convince Jessica that he wasn’t talking
about Dave. Erik stayed on the bus as it started moving again. Erik kept
riding the bus until it came to a stop near the campus medical center.
Erik exited the bus and walked two blocks to the medical building.

The campus medical center ER was empty. Erik didn’t have to wait long to
see a doctor. After signing in, he sat down in the waiting room until a
nurse opened the door to the examining rooms. "Erik," she said. "Doctor
Guppi Guppi will see you now." Erik walked back into the room. After 5
minutes, a short Indian man with a thick Indian accent walked through
the door.

"Ello," the doctor said. "I am Dr. Guppi Guppi. Whasa happenin ere?"

"I think I broke my nose," Erik said.

"Oh ya," the doctor said with an Indian accent. "Ya. What did you do?"

"I fell," Erik said.

"Stop drinking," the doctor said. "Too many drinking injuries. Stop
drinking."

"I wasn’t drinking," Erik said.

"You fell on yo face, and you weren’t all messied up’d?" the doctor
asked.

Erik was surprised at the doctor’s forward assertiveness.

"No," Erik said. "I was up late studying. I was getting dressed, I
tripped and fell on my face."

The doctor looked at him in amazement. Then, he started to laugh.

"Really?" he asked.

"Yes!," Erik said, frustrated.

"Oh ma god," the doctor said laughing. "I hear lots o stuff, but tat is
a first." Erik could feel his face turning red.

"OK," the doctor said examining the nose pushing on the sides of the
bridge. Erik was wincing in pain.

"You broke it," the doctor said. "Or yo nose broke yo fall." The doctor
let out a laugh again turning to walk toward a nearby cabinet. The
doctor put on two surgical gloves and walked back over to Erik.

"OK," the doctor said. "This goin to hurt."

"What are you doing?" Erik asked.

"Yo nose is broke'd," the doctor said. "I set it. You feel pain. I give
you pills, you sleep, and you feel better."

"OK," Erik said uneasily.

"OK," the doctor said placing his thumbs on Erik’s nose while palming
the sides of his face. "Ere we go. Small pinch." The doctor twisted his
thumbs as he pushed. There was a small cracking sound.

"Uhh!," Erik gasped as his eyes went crossed and closed. He went limp.

"No, no!" the doctor yelled at him as he caught Erik from falling. "No
pass out! Nurse! I’ve got a Paassy!," which sounded like "I’ve got a
pussy."

The nurse entered the room seeing the doctor holding Erik up by his
head. "What happened?" she asked.

"He paassy out," the doctor yelled. "Git mi da salts!" The nurse ran to
the cabinet and broke a vial in half and stuck it under Erik’s nose.
Erik’s eyes opened wide as he sprung awake.

"OK," the doctor said. "You good?"

Erik nodded, blinking rapidly. "What happened?"

"You paassy out," the doctor said, which sound like "You pussied out."

"What?" Erik asked.

"You paassy out," the doctor said again.

"What?" Erik asked again.

"You passed out dear," the nurse said.

"OK," the doctor said walking back to his clipboard. "I give yo pain
meds. You sleep. Keep head up. Doe not blow yo nose! Come back ina one
week you still bleedin."

Erik walked out of the medical center with bandages around his nose and
a bottle of pain meds. He had an hour to kill before his next test, so
he decided to get lunch. Everywhere he went, people asked him if he was
OK. Erik kept saying he fell and everyone gave him a suspicious look.
Erik wondered what they would say if he told them he got into a fight,
but he wasn’t good at keeping a lie going, so he decided not to.

After lunch, Erik went to his math test. Jessica was already there and
gave Erik a look of pity as he walked into the classroom. Erik didn’t
like that look at all.

"How are you feeling?" Jessica asked as Erik sat down.

"OK," he said.

"Did you go to the doctor?" she asked.

"Yeah," Erik said. "He set my nose and bandaged me up."

"So you broke it?" Jessica asked.

"Yeah," Erik said. "It sucks."

"Yeah I bet," Jessica said.

The instructor came in and passed out the tests. Erik finished his exam
quickly, feeling very confident that he did well. He rode the bus back
alone and went to his room to lie down. The pills said to take 2 with
food. Erik’s head was throbbing, and he was tired. He grabbed some night
time cold medicine and took a shot of it along with 2 of the pain meds.
After 20 minutes, the pain felt like it was getting worse. So, he took 2
more. After another 20 minutes, he was about to get two more, but then
he realized that he could barely move. His arms felt like jello, and the
world had slowed down to a crawl. Soon, Erik was fast asleep.

"Erik?" a woman’s voice could be heard as a whispering echo. "Erik?" The
voice grew louder. "Erik? ... Erik?" The darkness faded into light. The
colors swirled, and Erik felt like he was spinning and falling. A figure
could be made out as he continued falling further down the spiral. The
light felt like it was getting further away as he fell, but then
suddenly, his downward spiral ended. The light caught up, and the
haziness around him started to form a clearer picture with sound.
"Erik?" the voice sounded familiar. This was the only sound Erik could
hear. All around him was silence and darkness, except this one figure
and this one voice.

"Mom?" Erik called out quietly.

"Hey, Erik. How are you feeling?" The figure was coming more into focus.

"Where am I?" Erik asked. The colors of the world began to change from
white to more of a dark blue. Then, the colors shifted to a darkish
orange, as if it were close to sunset.

"I’m here Erik," the voice continued. "No matter what happens..." The
colors grew deeper. There was a swirl of red. The figure standing over
him came into crystal clarity. It was a dead cow, dripping blood from
its eyes, its horns on fire. The voice of the figure changed into a
deep, demonic, ominous tone. It raised a humanlike hand with long
fingers. The middle finger was raised and pointed toward Erik, while the
other fingers were curled below. Suddenly, the figure’s entire hand
engulfed in flames, and its middle finger glowed red hot, like heated
metal. At that same moment, the creature’s eyes set fire, and the flames
burned a fiery yellow and red. It held the finger to Erik’s head,
burning into his forehead. Erik tried to scream, but he couldn’t. The
finger continued to push deeper into Erik’s skull. The pain was
excruciating.

The voice spoke once more. "I’ll be right here."

Erik’s head sprung up from the ground. He had been laying on his
stomach, on the side of his face. His face was wet with spit and blood
as he drooled and bled from his nose all over himself in the night. It
was 6 AM the next morning. Erik was groggy, and his face hurt. He
crawled over to his mini-fridge and pulled out a bottle of water. He
drank it as fast as he could, spilling water all over his face in the
process. Then he crawled over to his bed and fell asleep again.

When he woke up again, it was 11 AM on Saturday. Erik was starving since
he hadn’t eaten for almost 24 hours. He looked at himself in the mirror
and realized that he needed to clean himself up. Erik cleaned off his
face and changed his dressing. Then, he walked to the cafeteria, picked
up a tray of food and brought it back upstairs. Erik took two pain meds
and fell back asleep. He woke up once more about 5 PM and did the same
thing over again. Erik continued this cycle, trying to heal and recover
by sleeping away the time.

On Sunday afternoon, Erik woke up still feeling horrible. All of the
sleep did not leave him feeling rested. Instead, Erik felt even more
tired, but his body was too rested to sleep any longer. He changed the
dressing again and went downstairs to the cafeteria for food. They were
still serving leftover Breakfast sandwiches and coffee. Erik brought the
food back to his room, where there was now several food trays along with
trash piles all over the room. Erik ate his meal and decided to take
more pain medicine. Erik looked and saw that he only had two more pain
meds left and felt he should save them. So, he drank some more nighttime
cold medicine. He felt very sore, so he decided to take a double dose.
Then, he sat down with a glass of water in his hand.

The upper/downer combination of the coffee and cold medicine had a
horrible effect on him. Erik sat on the chair in his room, staring at
his TV which was turned off. He sat there staring for an hour. Then, he
had forgotten that he had taken the cold medicine and took the two
remaining pain meds from the bottle. He swallowed them and continued
staring at the TV. After another hour, he suddenly grabbed his phone and
cast the classic pornographic film, "Debbie Does Dallas" to his TV,
thinking he was turning on a regular movie, not a porno. Erik just
looked straight ahead, unphased. There was a knock at the door, and Bret
walked in the room just as the TV was showing a threeway in a shower.

"Hey, let’s go get some din... Whoa, what the...," Bret stopped in
surprise. "Am I catching you a bad time?" Two women were fucking some
random guy on the TV as the sounds of their screams and moans poured out
of the speakers.

Erik’s back was turned to the door. Erik was facing straight ahead at
the TV. Bret slowly walked forward afraid of what he was about to see.
There he saw a fully clothed Erik staring straight ahead at the screen.

"Holy shit man," Bret said relieved. "I thought I was about ready to
walk in on one of those strangulation jack off things gone wrong. I’ve
seen enough shit, so you can spare me that one."

"Go awayee," Erik said.

"C’mon," Bret said. "Let’s go get some dinner." Bret walked around Erik
toward the TV. "And, let’s turn this off. Otherwise tons of fun will
plant his fat ass down and won’t leave your room until he paints your
walls white." Bret turned off the TV and looked at Erik.

"Leave," Erik said staring straight ahead at the blank screen.

"Dude," Bret said. "That smashed nose got you all fucked up in the
head." Bret walked back toward the door. "Let’s go get some food man.
Then we’ll smoke some weed, have some laughs."

"Nots in da mood," Erik said.

Bret looks down. "Jessica is coming over with Lexi tonight," Bret said
with a smile. Erik turned around. Bret looked back at Erik. "Don’t make
me use the ogre as my wingman."

Erik turned back around and faced the TV. "I thought she has a
boyfriend," Erik said.

"I think they broke up," Bret said. Erik turned around and looked at
Bret.

"Really?" Erik said.

"That’s what I heard," Bret said. "They’ve been fighting all weekend."

"Well... Fuck!," Erik said trying to stand up, spilling the water he had
in his hand. Erik stumbled to his feet and was leaning, trying to find
something to help hold himself up. As he was clawing at the wall,
attempting to keep his balance, he ripped a poster down. Then, his hand
found the wall and allowed him to stand.

"I needs... to changes... my’s shirts...," Erik said slowly falling over
himself as he tried to walk to the closet. Bret stared at Erik in wonder
as Erik moved past him, bouncing off Bret and toward the closet.

"You’ve been drinking?" asked Bret.

"I have not," Erik said pulling a shirt off the hanger. "No beer. I have
none. It has gone bad." Erik attempted to pull the shirt over his head,
even though he was wearing a shirt already. Bret watched him, trying to
figure out what was wrong with Erik. Erik got lost in the shirt and fell
backward into his closet. Bret looked at Erik’s desk counter and saw the
cold medicine and the prescription pain pill bottle.

"Maybe you should take it easy tonight," Bret said watching Erik
struggling to find his way out of the closet with the shirt over his
head.

"I’m fineeeee," Erik said as he finally poked his head out of the sleeve
of the shirt. "Oh... that’s the prablem. Thisy fucky thing isn’t
mineee." Erik kept looking around the room. "Where’z minez knife?"

"Hold on, let me help you," Bret said pulling the shirt back over Erik’s
head. "Let’s call it off with the girls tonight, and we’ll meet up
tomorrow."

"No wayyyyy!," Erik said defiantly. "Look... man... I need tooooo...
showerz take... and then I can... eat shit and shave."

"What?" Bret asked confused.

"Just go andz eatz yourz foodz... I’ll seez youz guyz laterz," Erik
said.

"Alright man," Bret responded. "Be safe." Bret opened the door and
walked out.

"Tootle you!," Erik said sitting down on the chair. Erik looked around
confused. "Where’s the foodz?" Erik continued to look around until he
saw his shower caddie with his soap and shampoo. "Oh ya... I needs sa
shitz showerz." He picked up the shower caddie and carefully put on his
shower sandals. After several attempts, he finally put them both on.
Then he grabbed his towel and opened the door.

Erik stumbled down the hall to the bathroom. He walked inside and
dropped the shower caddie in one of the shower stalls. Then he turned on
the water and undressed. After he was completely naked, he realized that
he needed to use the bathroom. He put his towel on to cover himself up
and walked over to a toilet stall. Then he closed the door, hung the
towel on a hook in the stall and sat down. Erik leaned up against the
wall and passed out in the stall.

Erik slowly awakened from his self-induced drug-fueled coma. He looked
around and realized he was completely naked with his head against the
stall wall, sitting on the toilet. He rubbed the sleepiness from his
face as he searched for his clothes. He saw nothing. He remembered that
he walked in with a towel, but he couldn’t find it.

Erik stumbled to his feet and opened the stall door. He walked out to
the sinks and saw his face in the mirror for a brief moment and then
looked down at the sink. Then, he looked back in the mirror again,
realizing that there was something on his face. There was a picture of a
penis drawn on the side of his cheek as if it were being inserted into
his mouth, with the testicles running down to his lower jaw. On the
other side were the words: "I love cock." On his forehead were the
words: "Dick Head." These new facial features were in addition to his
bloody nose bandages that were peeling off.

"What the fuck," he said softly, but panicked. Erik began running the
water and tried washing his face, but it wouldn’t come off. He scrubbed
and scrubbed, even those his nose and face hurt, but nothing happened.
"Fuck."

He slowly stumbled from the bathroom sink area and walked out the door.
As he opened it, several flashes went off. Erik saw Bret, Steve, and
Lexi taking photos of him as he exited the bathroom.

"What the fuck!" Erik said holding his hands up. Then, realizing that he
was still naked, he put his hands down to cover himself.

The three were laughing hysterically as Erik ran to his bedroom and
locked the door.

Erik’s head was swimming. He couldn’t see in the dark bedroom, and fell
over his desk chair, onto the floor. The fall knocked the wind out of
him. Erik struggled to breathe. After a few seconds, he finally caught
his breath. Drained of energy, Erik passed out on his floor for the
night.
