Chapter 19
==========

<br />
<blockquote>
<table>
<tr>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00101011
</td>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00111101
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
00110011
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</blockquote>
<br />

Erik and Jessica are sitting at a table at a very nice upscale
restaurant. The room is lit by candlelight at each table, and the
servers are wearing white, button-up shirts with black bowties. Erik is
wearing a suit and tie, and Jessica is wearing an elegant blue dress.
They are enjoying a nice dinner and having a good time. Both of them are
smiling at each other as they eat. The waiter comes over and apologizes
but says he has something that Jessica should see. The waiter shows her
a blue tablet with several pictures. Jessica looks appalled as she
swipes through the photos on the tablet.

Erik can’t see what Jessica is looking at on the tablet, so he stands up
and walks behind her. Erik sees photos of himself, at his desk jerking
off to porn of "fake pornstar Jessica," getting a blowjob from Lola, in
the bathroom naked being written on, Steve teabagging him passed out,
and various other embarrassing photos of Erik. Everyone in the
restaurant starts to laugh. Erik looks around and sees that everyone is
pointing and laughing at them. Jessica’s face has a look of
embarrassment. She sets the tablet down the table, and she tries to
cover her face with her hands while looking down. Erik grabs the tablet
and tries to delete the photos, but the tablet is giving him error
messages. "Error: Can not delete photo.," "Error: You can’t remove
this!," "You can’t delete pictures from the internet dumbass!"

The tablet continued to report errors. Finally, it displayed a
consistent message that said: "ERROR: PC Load Letter." "What the
fuck???" Erik said. Suddenly, black vines grew from cracks that were
forming on the floor. The vines wrapped around his wrists and ankles,
pulling him down to the ground. Erik was struggling to free himself.
Then, Erik heard a loud repeated stomping noise. The screen of the
tablet went black. Erik looked at it and could see the reflection of a
cow’s head on fire in the glass of the tablet. Erik turned to look. The
entire world screeched to a halt, turning red.

Erik’s phone chimes that he has a text message. The sound of the phone
jolts him awake. It’s Monday morning, and he’s still on the ground, in
his room, alone. Erik gradually pulls himself to his feet and gets to
his phone. Erik reads the text messages: "Need some help, I’ll make it
worth your while...," "Blowjob for your thoughts?", "Help me, Erik,
you’re my only hope," "My mouth, your cock... just pick up the phone!"

Erik looks at the time. He missed his Psychology class. "It’s probably
just a review of the midterm, anyway," he thought. Erik puts on some
clothes and leaves his room. He pounds on Bret’s door repeatedly. Erik
can hear rustling in the room. He keeps pounding on the door until there
is an answer.

"What the fuck man?!?" Bret says as he opens the door slightly, sticking
his head out. He sees Erik and smiles. "Oh hey, now’s not a good time.
I’m kinda busy."

"You took pictures of me," Erik said angrily.

"Noooo," Bret said. "That was Lexi."

"You, Lexi, and Steve," Erik countered.

"He was so high," Bret said. "He couldn’t hold his phone straight. Lexi
is the only one that got a good photo."

"What did she do with it?" Erik asked.

"Sent it to her family," Bret responded. "Showed her mom, masturbated to
it, I don’t fucking know."

"Hey!," a girl’s voice says from inside the room. Bret leans in then
back out.

"I gotta go," Bret says pulling his head back in, trying to close the
door.

Erik puts his foot in the door to stop it from closing. "Is she in
there?" Erik said. "Did she send it to Jessica?" Erik peaks in and sees
a topless Lexi now covering her chest.

"No!," Lexi yelled out. "Jesus, asshole!" Bret puts his hand on Erik’s
chest trying to push him back out.

"Whoa!" Bret said, raising his voice as he was pushing Erik.

"Get out!" screamed Lexi. Bret pushes Erik back out of the door and
steps out with him.

"Don’t pull something like that again," Bret says calmly. "That’s not
cool." Bret is standing outside of his room wearing nothing but his
boxer shorts.

"You guys took nude photos of me!" Erik says, still angry. Erik’s phone
sounds again, indicating he has another text message.

"I didn’t, they did," Bret said. Erik reaches for his phone and starts
to read the message.

"Look, man," Bret starts. "Go straighten that shit out with Steve, and
you can talk to Lexi about it later. But don’t barge into my room like
that. That’s not..."

"I gotta go," Erik says cutting him off. Erik walks back to his room.

"Don’t do it again!," Bret states. "Asshole." Bret opens his door and
walks back into the room.

Erik closes the door to his room behind him. He’s staring at the text,
which is an asshole selfie picture of Lara’s bare ass spread out, her
pussy below and her tight asshole visible in the center, like a
bullseye. On the right cheek of Lara’s ass, there was an outline of a
white rabbit embedded in her skin. Lara’s skin was darker from tanning,
except for the rabbit which was white from Lara’s untanned skin. Erik
didn’t know how she was able to do this; he was just mesmerized by the
picture of a white bunny staring at the beautiful site of Lara’s asshole
and pussy. Erik had never heard of a tanning sticker.

The message on the text said: "I’ll let you fuck my ass again cowboy."
As Erik was staring at the image, another text came through: "Call me."
Erik’s mind went blank. The only thing that was on his mind right now
was to follow the white rabbit. Erik closed his eyes and pushed the
"Call" button. Erik’s phone dialed the number. He pressed the phone to
his ear and opened his eyes as the call connected.

"So I finally got your attention?" Lara said.

"What do you want?" Erik asked.

"I need help," Lara responded.

"And what’s in it for me?" Erik asked.

"Umm, sex and money?" Lara responded. "You know what’s in it for you."

Erik takes a deep breath as he closes his eyes. Lara’s selfie image
flashes in his head. "Alright," Erik said. "What do you need me to do?"

"I’m in trouble," Lara said. "Some guy hacked my website."

"What?!? How?"

"I don’t know," Lara said. "Come over, now."

Erik looked at himself in the mirror. He could read the writing on his
face even from a distance. "Give me an hour," Erik responded.

Erik showered and scrubbed off the lettering the best he could. Then, he
walked to Lara’s apartment. Erik’s nose was still swollen, but it didn’t
require the bandages anymore. Erik knocked on the door and went inside.

"So what happened?" Erik asked.

"A week ago," Lara started. "This new guy starts paying me for private
sessions. But he wants to book me for an hour a day every day. He had me
doing all kinds of shit, but the money was good, so I kept doing it.
Then, he wanted me to do some sick shit, and I said no. He told me to do
it or else. When I told him no, my website went down, and he told me he
did it."

Erik shook his head. "That doesn’t sound right at all," Erik said. "Are
you sure it was him?"

"Yes!," Lara said. "He said he did it!"

"That doesn’t mean anything," Erik said shaking his head with a
condescending smile. "It could have been anything that brought it down."

Lara punched him in the arm.

"Ow!," Erik said. "What was that for?"

"Pay attention!" Lara said. "I’m losing everything, and you think it’s
cute!"

"No, I don’t," Erik defended himself.

"My whole fucking livelihood is at stake here," Lara started in. "This
is how I make my money Erik. I don’t have parents that support me. I
have no scholarships. I don’t have help. I have this." Lara motioned to
her body. "And the only way I can make money with this is gone." Lara
turned away, the rage she unleashed was now making her emotional, and
she looked like she was going to cry.

Erik stared at her feeling guilty for not being more compassionate to
her situation. After a moment, he walked to her desk and opened her
laptop. Erik opened a web browser and navigated to Lara’s site.
Immediately, he noticed that the whole site was different. At the top,
there was a new message that says "Hey fuckers, here comes Dr. Love
Dong! Enjoy the free porn wankers!" There was a picture of a penis with
a hat and a stethoscope. Pay only videos were available for free, all of
her private photos for subscribers were on display to view. At the
bottom, there was a ransom note demanding that Lara films a "live donkey
show in front of Tominova Gallery, across from the bridge."

"A Donkey Show?" Erik asks reading the ransom note.

"Yeah!," Lara says. "Where the fuck am I going to find a donkey at?"

In addition to the noticeable site changes, there were client-side
scripts attempting to execute on the site. The popup blocker looked like
it was preventing some of them, but they just kept coming.

"Tominova Gallery?" Erik questioned. "That’s on campus right?"

"Yeah," Lara responds.

"He knows where she lives," Erik thought.

"Have you talked to this guy since he did all this?" Erik asked.

"Yeah," Lara responded.

"And what did he say?" Erik asked.

"He wanted my real name and address," Lara said. "Then he wanted me to
meet him."

"Did you give it to him?" Erik asked.

"No," Lara said. "But, he said that if I just upgraded my website, it
would all be fixed. He sent me a link to do it. So I opened the link.
Like 15 minutes later, he sends me my name and my address."

"Fuck," Erik said. "He probably hacked your computer too." Erik held up
his hand, covering the webcam.

"How could he do that?" Lara asked.

"He probably found some vulnerability in the website and took control
over it," Erik said. "Or maybe he started with a session hijack to take
control of it. After that, you wouldn’t do what he wanted, and he
convinced you to click on something else that you shouldn’t have. From
there, he probably installed some type of rootkit or something like that
to access your computer. While in your system, he probably looked at the
name on the Account and just looked you up in the student directory."

Lara was stunned. "You make it sound so easy."

"Unfortunately, it is," Erik said. "If you know the right tools and you
know what you’re doing, it doesn’t take much effort."

"Now what?" Lara asked.

"Get a piece of tape," Erik said. Lara walked over to the kitchen and
pulled out blue painter’s tape from a drawer. She walked back to the
desk and handed a piece to Erik. Erik covered the webcam with the tape
so that the camera couldn’t watch them.

"If he has total control of the website," Erik started. "We’ll need to
wipe it and start over. Same with your computer. It’ll take a few days
to get everything back to normal, maybe a week."

"I don’t have a week!" Lara was getting upset again. "I’m supposed to
cam tonight."

"I don’t know what to tell you," Erik said, trying to remain calm.

"FIX IT!," Lara yelled. "Fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it, fix it..."

"I’M TRYING!," Erik yelled at her.

"What do you want Erik?" Lara asked desperately. "You want me to fuck
you? Blow you? Let you fuck me in the ass? Take a shit on my tits? What
is it?"

"I... I’m not... Wait what did you say?"

"Stop fucking with me," Lara said. "You want something, just say it."

"I’m trying to help you," Erik said trying to calm her down.

"And what do you want for your ‘help’?" Lara asked making quotes in the
air with her fingers.

Erik paused. Lara’s lack of trust in him when he was trying to help her
soured his resolve. After trying to change his appearance to be what he
thought Lara needed him to be (hurting himself for days during the
process) and now Lara not even taking his sincere desire to help her
seriously, he was really upset. At this moment, he just wanted to fix
this and move on with his life.

"Just pay me for my time, and we’ll call it even," Erik responded. "But
after I clean this up, we’re done."

"What?"

"After I fix this, I don’t want this to keep going," Erik said. "I can’t
keep this going."

"And what happens if he comes back?" Lara asked.

"I’ll make sure everything is clean," Erik responded. "If he comes back,
you need to be smarter in how you deal with people."

"Oh, well fuck you too Mr. Computer Man," Lara said sarcastically. "I
didn’t know you were an expert in customer service."

"This guy isn’t a customer," Erik said. "He’s messing with you, and
right now he’s holding the power. It’s going to take a lot of time to
get him out of here and figure out how to keep him out."

"It’s your fault he’s here in the first place," Lara said. "You should
have done more to keep everything safe."

"I didn’t choose to click random links that people sent me," Erik said.
"That’s all on you."

"Fuck you, Erik," Lara said. "The link was to my fucking website."

"That makes no sense Lara," Erik said. "Clicking a link that takes you
to your own website shouldn’t have done this."

"Well it did," Lara said coldly. "So that means you didn’t secure
something. This is your fault. Fix it."

"What a fucking bitch," Erik thought to himself. "I don’t have to do
shit. But here I am, trying to help you and you treat me like this?
Seriously, what the fuck?" Still, Erik was intrigued by the idea of
finding out who this guy was and why he targeted her.

"I need your laptop and any CDs or software codes you got when you
bought it," Erik said.

Lara opened a drawer in the desk and pulled out a packet full of stuff.
She handed it to Erik.

"What do you want first, the website back or the laptop?" Erik asked.

"Do I have to choose?" Lara asked.

"I’ll work on both," Erik started to say. "And while I have downtime on
one I’ll work on the other, but I need to know which you need most so I
can spend my time on that."

"Laptop," Lara said. "So I can email my customers and tell them what’s
going on."

"You can do that at the computer lab," Erik said. "And you should go
change all your passwords, like right now."

Erik picked up the laptop and followed Lara as she walked to the door.
That’s when Erik noticed the cat, sitting on the floor and staring at
Erik, grinning. Erik paused and stared back at the cat uncomfortably.
Then, he walked past the cat and followed Lara.

Erik and Lara left her apartment. Erik took the laptop back to his dorm
room, and Lara hopped a bus headed toward one of the campus computer
labs. On his way back, his mind raced through several scenarios: "If he
has access to her email, then he knows everything about her. There’s
nothing I can do about that now. But, I never emailed her any of the VM
passwords or site passwords. She could have emailed those to herself,
who knows. When I bring everything back, I’ll use new passwords. I have
to find how he got in though. If it was by hacking her email that had
access to the passwords, then that’s an easy fix: she uses new passwords
and stops clicking on stupid shit. But if that’s not how he did it, then
I need to find out what he did on the site to get in. Otherwise, I’ll
wipe everything, and he’ll just do the same thing all over again."

When Erik got back to his room, he went to work. Erik had some minor
experiences on the offensive side of computer security, so Erik
understood that the hacker could have infiltrated in any number of ways.
In addition to his amateur offensive security experiences, he had some
very minor experience with defensive security on a desktop which came
from friends and family that Erik had to support whenever they did
something stupid and infected their computers with a virus or malware.
However, none of these experiences adequately prepared him for an attack
of this scale. This was new territory for him. It was exciting and
terrifying at the same time. If he made one mistake, he’d have to start
all over again. Erik needed to think through every action and be very
careful.

Erik started with the laptop. "Let’s see if I can find out who I’m
dealing with," he thought. There were multiple windows open all over the
place, and the laptop was running very slow. Erik rebooted it into safe
mode and tried to look through the System and Security logs. Everything
was blank. "Looks like he was smart enough to cover his tracks. Well,
this isn’t going to be very helpful," he said. Erik saw multiple
processes spawning with strange names. He looked at the firewall logs,
and he could see that they were attempting to connect outbound. Erik did
a reverse lookup on the IP addresses and found they were connecting to
entrance nodes on the ROT network.

"Shit," Erik thought to himself. "This isn’t a good sign. A dumb script
kiddie probably wouldn’t try to use something more anonymous like the
ROT network. Whoever this is, he’s smart enough to remove the logs and
use a method of communication to disguise where he’s located."

ROT was a network that attempts to conceal the identities of those using
it. There are several "nodes" setup on the Internet all over the world.
A user would connect to an entrance node, and the user’s communication
will be relayed through various other nodes on the network before it
reaches an "exit node" and arrives at its final destination. This
anonymizes the traffic, disguising where the original user is located.
It isn’t entirely anonymous, but for a regular person like Erik, it’s
extremely difficult (to nearly impossible) to discover the identity of
the user.

Erik was able to find the binary executables on the file system that
were initiating the connections to entrance nodes on the ROT network. He
opened a hex editor and found that they were compiled using a popular
software framework. So, Erik installed a decompiler for that framework
to reverse engineer the source code.

Analyzing the source code, he saw that the executable compressed
everything in the user’s documents folder and uploaded it to a popular,
free, file sharing site, unauthenticated. This upload creates a new URL
link that could be used to download the files from the website by anyone
who knew the URL. Afterward, the executable posted the newly created URL
that linked to the uploaded files on the sharing site to a different web
service that was used to share text online. The post to the text-sharing
service used an API account. Finally, the executable opened a connection
to the ROT network and logged into an IRC server (Internet Relay Chat)
and entered a password protected channel, which was a public chat room,
but without the password, you wouldn't be able to access the chat room.

"This is interesting," Erik thought. "It looks like Lara's computer has
been turned into a bot for this guy's botnet." A botnet is a set of
connected devices, usually computers, that can be controlled by the
botnet owner using a "Command and Control" server. In this case, it
appeared that the botnet was connecting to an IRC channel to receive its
commands. The botnet owner could use the bot to do whatever the botnet
owner wanted the bot to do: attack other servers on the internet, delete
the contents of its own computer, spread the botnet software to other
machines on the computer's network, etc.

Erik turned his attention back to the Documents folder of Lara's laptop
and found all of Lara’s school work. In addition, she had research
papers, study guides, her class schedule, and more. She even had files
that were copies of her financial aid documents complete with her home
address, school address, and her social security number.

"Fuck," Erik thought. "Well, if this isn’t how he got her stuff, he
definitely has all of her information now. She’s probably going to need
to monitor her credit reports too." Erik took an image of the laptop’s
hard drive and copied it to a USB drive to backup all of Lara’s files.
Afterward, he started the process of reformatting the laptop and
reinstalling the operating system.

"Now, let’s look at the website," he thought. Erik booted his own laptop
into a Penetration Testing Live CD. Erik had all the passwords for the
VM provider so he logged in and started taking backups of the database
and website code. Erik looked at the database users and found a list of
new users that had access to the Admin area of the website:

marvin, marvin01, marvin02, marvin03, marvin04, etc...

There were thousands of accounts.

"Nice," Erik thought. "Left himself tons of ways to get back in. I’ll
have to delete all those."

In the plugins area, there was a new plugin called "reversesh." Erik
opened the code and saw that it allowed the user to run commands on the
VM instance itself.

"That’s not good," Erik thought. "If he has shell access, he can
probably see what I’m doing right now. I need to hurry." Erik knew that
he needed to get everything off of the VM immediately and figure it out
later. If the attacker saw Erik poking around, he could kick Erik out or
possibly delete everything on the site, so it wasn’t recoverable. Erik
didn’t sign up for the extra backup service at the VM provider, so this
was all on him.

Erik added the site files to a single archive and compressed it. Then,
he copied the files to his computer. Now he just needed to copy the
settings from the web server configuration files, and then he would be
ready to take down the server. Just then, he received a terminal message
from another user on the machine:

marvin8893: Who R U?

Erik froze. "Erik, we have a problem," Erik thought to himself. "He’s
here. And he’s probably watching me right now." Erik opened up a new
shell to download the rest of the files. Then he turned back to his
console.

root: Nobody

marvin8893: Y RU stealin my shit nobody?

root: Your shit? I don’t think this server belongs to you

marvin8893: I pwnd it. U R mine

root: I think we are done here

marvin8893: IM DOXXIN YOUR SHIT RIGHT NOW.

With that, Erik disconnected. He was breathing heavy from the encounter.
"Does he know who I am?" Erik thought. "He couldn’t. There’s no way.
He’s got to be talking about Lara." Erik continued to stare at the
screen, waiting for something to happen. His heart was pounding,
anticipating something dreadful. As time went on, his breathing slowed,
and his heart rate returned to normal. He snapped out of his anxious
state and back to the task at hand.

Erik logged into the VM provider’s customer panel and shutdown the VM.
Next, he deleted the VM instance and added a brand new one. After the VM
was created, Erik applied a fresh Operating System and reset the master
password. Erik logged into the server and began the process of restoring
the site. Erik applied the database backup and an older version of the
code that he had saved. He loaded the site up in a browser. It was back
up and running. Erik logged into the website and received a warning that
the Content Management System he was using was out of date.

Erik navigated to the Admin update section and attempted to update. But
it kept failing. The website provided a link to download the file and
install it manually. Erik clicked the link to install it. The linked
file was a Binary file type for a different operating system. "This is
really strange," Erik thought. "Something is wrong."

Erik opened a new browser tab and navigated directly to the Content
Management System’s website. There, he downloaded the appropriate files
and installed them on Lara’s VM server as an upgrade to her website.
But, when Erik went back to the Admin area of Lara’s site, it still said
that it needed to upgrade and it still downloaded the incorrect binary.
Erik viewed the source of the website and found that the link to the
binary was not from the Content Management System’s website. Instead,
the URL was a random URL shortened link using a popular free URL
shortening service. Erik went to the URL shortening website and entered
the link he found. This returned the full website of the link, which
Erik found pointed back to an upload on Lara’s website. Basically,
Lara’s website kept telling the administrator that it needed to update
itself and tried to have the administrator install something on their
own computer that was stored on the same website in order to update the
website. This was not good and made no sense.

"What the fuck," Erik said under his breath. Erik’s heart started
racing. "I missed something. He’s still here. What the fuck. How did he
get back in? This doesn’t make any sense." Erik’s mind continues to
race. "Did he hack my machine? Does he know who I am? Is he watching
me?" Erik stared at his laptop. Then closed the lid with a sudden snap
and paced in his room. Suddenly, there was knock at the door. Erik
froze. Erik’s heart was pounding. He stared at the door in suspense.
There was another knock at the door. Erik didn’t move. He didn’t blink.
He just stared.

"Yo, Erik," Bret said. "C’mon man it’s Monday night, time for some
1-on-1." Erik closed his eyes and sighed in relief as his head bent
down. He looked at the time and realized that he’d been working on this
for several hours. He missed class and dinner. Erik took a deep breath,
lifted his head and walked to the door. Erik turned the doorknob and
opened the door to see Bret and Steve in the hallway. "C’mon man, it’s
time to ball.," said Bret. Steve stared at Erik, expressionless.

"I can’t," Erik said. "I’ve got some stuff for work... I gotta do."

"Work???" Bret said. "Fuck that. Put your dumbass, nerd shit down and
let’s go do this. You and bigs are first tonight, and I’ll take winner."

"I’m sorry," Erik said. "There was... I have to work on Lara’s website."

"Ohhhh," Bret said as both he and Steve began to walk into Erik’s room.
"The porn chick is back? Then you have some very important things to
attend to. That free account doesn’t work anymore, so Ogre and I will
sit here." Bret held his hands up open and made an hourglass shape in
the air. "And we’ll watch the new, features, you are working on. Just
umm... Don’t pull your dick out or anything like that. Save that shit
for when you’re alone."

Erik shook his head. "You don’t understand," Erik started. "Her website
got hacked by some guy. I wiped everything and started over, but he’s
back. I don’t know how he did it. This is going to take awhile to figure
out."

"So, you’re not going to be watching her new shit?" Bret asked. "Fuck
this..." Bret and Steve got up to walk out. "C’mon he-man, let’s go
start up the game. It’s probably going to have to download updates
again. Fucking bullshit takes forever.." Bret and Steve walk out of the
room and Erik shuts the door behind them.

"Alright," Erik thought. "How could he have done this? It keeps asking
to upgrade each time. He probably modified the code, but I pulled an
older version prior to the hack. But the database is the same. And the
database holds... The version number... Fuck... The database has gotta
be it. But what the fuck else did he put in there? Could be anything.
Maybe..."

Erik opened a command line terminal and searched the files for a version
function. He found one in a file that was called by the main index
controller file. Erik opened the file in a text editor and found the
function. The function had a database query that checked the version in
a table. The version was reported as 48.9770333,-102.155491. "That’s a
strange version number," Erik thought. He opened a new web browser tab
and navigated to the Content Management System website. They were using
version 6.4.2. "They don’t even look close. Maybe it’s some sort of an
extra build number."

Erik downloaded the Content Management System from the website and
installed it on his own system. The version number in the table was:
6.4.2. "What the fuck..."

Erik opened the file that ran the version check function. The function
checked the version stored in the database against a version returned
from a website that was stored in another table. Erik checked the table
and saw that the website was another URL shortened link. Erik opened the
link in a browser. The website returned the same binary executable file
to upgrade the website. Erik checked the code again. Erik found that if
the version in the database doesn’t match the version returned in one of
the header fields of the response from the request that is made to the
URL stored in the version table, then the URL stored in the version
table became the link to download the upgraded version.

However, the binary that it was downloading was not what the CMS code
was expecting. Updates to the CMS are initiated by an Administrator of
the website, so when this condition was hit, instead of returning an
error, it would return the file directly to the user to download. "What
fucking dumbass wrote this piece of shit!!!" Erik thought. "Why would
someone do this? It was a bug, Erik." Sometimes, Erik would speak to
himself in the third person, especially when he tried to quote something
and wanted to interject himself into the quote.

Erik concluded that this "Marvin" found a software flaw in the
application that was used to build Lara’s site and he used this flaw to
hack Lara’s laptop. Marvin did this by updating the version link in the
database so that the Content Management System would keep prompting the
user to run the exploit code on their machine. Erik concluded that
whatever was in the executable was probably some rootkit that allowed
Marvin to take control of Lara’s laptop. "Well, Marvin’s not stupid,"
Erik thought. "If he put this in, he might have put in some backdoors,
too. I can’t trust the database now. I’ll have to start from the last
backup I took. That’s weeks behind with all the new shit she uploaded...
Plus the new users that signed up... And I have to be careful that one
of them isn’t this little fuckhead..."

This conclusion explained how Marvin probably hacked Lara’s laptop. But,
it doesn’t explain how Marvin hacked the website to begin with. Erik
then shifted back to his initial question. "How did he hack the
website?" Erik thought. "He’s really good at keeping himself in the
system, but what did he exploit so that he could do this in the first
place?" Erik racked his brain trying to think. He knew he was missing
something, but couldn’t figure out what it was.

"It’s going to be a long week... If I ever find this asshole, I’m going
to kick his balls up through his fucking throat."
