Chapter 25
==========

<br />

Hello friend. Hello World! Sorry, that’s lame. I just couldn’t resist.
But, that was me. That was Erik. And let’s face it, you found me during
an unusual point in my life.

What can I say? This was a fucking incredible summer. I still can’t
believe all the shit that happened, and I don’t think anyone would
believe me if I told them. I guess, you just had to be there. But, in
the end, things turned out pretty great for me. If you’re ever on the
edge staring into the abyss, turn around and choose life. At some point,
things will brighten up for you. They did for me, and that was after
getting kicked around for 18 fucking years.

OK, so maybe I’m being a bit dramatic. And, well, some of it was
probably my fault. I'm not the smartest, so I probably caused a lot of
shit for myself that was avoidable, but how the fuck was I supposed to
know? But, let's face it, you learn as you go. Life is a game. Except,
it’s not always fun, and you have to fight to survive. But trust me,
you’ll find a reason that makes it all worth it. My reason is called
Jessica.

I always thought all that Irish luck shit was all a load of crap... My
Grandpa would say that kind of stuff all the time, about how lucky our
family was, and that we have the luck of the Irish on our side. Maybe it
worked for him and Grandma, but it didn't work for Mom. And I'm not even
100% Irish. I'm 50% from Mom and whatever the fuck Dad is. For me, I
never felt lucky until I came to college. Now I'm living La Vida Lucky.
My entire life moving forward is based on luck... If it wasn't, how am I
ever going to be able to keep Jess? I'm one lucky fuck to be with her,
and I'm reminded of that every day when I see her smile. I get to see
that smile every day... Everyday... That's how lucky I am...

The last two weeks of school were heaven. Yes, school was heaven. Jess
and I spent every day together since that weekend when we first had sex.
She’s incredible. She’s smart, she’s sexy, and she makes me laugh. I
think I'm in love. I haven’t told her, and she hasn’t said anything to
me like that, but I think she feels the same way.

I know, I know. You’re probably thinking, "Well, weren’t you in love
with the pornstar too?." Well... Yes... Maybe... I don’t know. Shut
up...

Look, what I know is I love the way Jess makes me feel. She makes me
feel incredible. I talk to her about everything. Well... Not
everything... She still doesn’t know that I helped a girl with her
website in exchange for money and sex. And she doesn’t know that there’s
a video of me getting a blowjob on the Internet (that was really fucking
stupid). And she doesn't know that I a pornstar without a condom and
came inside her because I thought I was in love with her (probably the
stupidest thing I did overall). But... she doesn’t need to know that.
That all happened before we started dating. She knows that I was seeing
a girl before her and it was getting serious and then it didn’t work
out. That’s enough... Isn’t it?

It's not that I don't want to tell Jess. I don't want to keep this stuff
from her. It's just that... Well, fuck... I rushed into things with
Lara... I mean, I told her I loved her after knowing her for only like 4
weeks. That would scare off anyone, right? I don't know... I just don't
want to make that same mistake with Jess. Yea I know, they are totally
different people. But still, I just... I just don't want to fuck this
up... Jess is too important to me...

Anyway, back to the good stuff. Jess stays with me every night. Yes, I
call her Jess now, because I guess she likes that nickname. It turns out
that just me and our teachers were the only people still calling her
Jessica. How the fuck was I supposed to know that?

But, yeah... She spends every night with me, and we eat breakfast
together in the morning. Then, she goes back to her room and showers for
class. Then, I meet her at the bus stop, and we go to class together.
After class, we have lunch, and then sometimes an afternoon quickie.
Yeah, it’s fucking awesome...

Then we go to our 2nd class, come back and have dinner with Lexi and
Bret. Sometimes we all hang out together after dinner for awhile and
sometimes Jess and I just stay in together and have sex. She has a bunch
of her stuff at my place, like pajamas and contact solution, and that
sort of thing.

She’s my girlfriend, and it’s great. I haven’t been this happy in...
well... ever...

Finals week came, and studying got interesting. She knew I was having
problems in psychology and she was having problems in math. We helped
each other and rewarded the other in sexual favors. Jess made flash
cards, did stripteases, would blow me when I got an answer right... I
mean, who wouldn’t want to study for school? She is fucking amazing. She
is... I can’t say that enough about her.

Finals ended, and now we have to leave the dorms for two weeks while
they repaint and get them ready for the new students in the Fall
semester. I already received my new roommate assignment. I haven’t
talked to him yet, but he sent me an email earlier today. After I get
back home, I’ll email him back. I don't want to waste the time that I
have left with Jess.

Jess and I waited until the last possible day to leave so that we could
spend all the time together that we could. Now, she’s going home, and I
won’t see her for two weeks. I’m really going to miss her. I feel like I
just finally got her, and now she’s going away. Not forever... But,
shit... two weeks without her is going to feel like forever...

I said goodbye to her this morning because we both needed time to pack.
She’s going to stop by before she leaves to say one last goodbye, so I
know I’ll see her again today, but I’m still sad as fuck, packing up all
my shit. I just feel like balling my eyes out every 2 minutes. This
sucks. I really don’t want to leave.

There’s a knock at the open door. "Knock knock," says Bret. I turn
around just as he’s walking in. "Whoa, what happened to you? It looks
like someone just kicked you in the nuts." He probably can see I’ve been
crying. I wipe my face and turn away.

"Um, nothing," I say. "I’m fine... I’m just packing up."

"Aw man, it’s alright. I’ll miss you too. Do you need a hug? I mean, I
won’t give you one, but is that what you need? I’m sure I can give
shitbox down the hall a dollar, and he’ll hug you." I laugh, and he
smiles. That’s Bret for you, always knows how to lighten the mood.

"So, what’s up man?" Bret says. "When are you taking off?"

"My mom is coming around dinner time," I say. "How about you?"

"I don’t know," Bret said. "Soon, maybe. We’ll see."

Well, that was fucking vague. But that was Bret. If he didn’t think it
was important to talk about, he kept it vague. If he didn’t want to give
you an answer for a reason, he would do the same thing.

"Is Steve still here?" I asked.

"Who the fuck knows what that asshole is doing," Bret said. "Did he ever
come talk to you about that shit he pulled a couple weeks ago?"

"No," I said. Actually, now that I think about it, I only saw Steve once
since his near-death experience. I was walking out of my room as he was
walking back to his room from the bathroom. I don’t think he saw or
heard me and I didn’t see him look back.

"That fucking dick," Bret said. "I talked to him a few days ago, and he
said he was going to come talk to you. Fucking junkies. Can’t trust them
to do shit."

"It’s OK," I say. "It doesn’t matter."

"Whatever," Bret says. "Anyway, if I don’t see you, have a good next
year."

"What are you talking about?" I ask him. "I’ll see you next year."

"Yeah maybe," he says. "People drift apart when there’s more shit going
on in their lives. You’ve got Jess now, and she’s good for you. Don’t
fuck that up. So, anyway, if I don’t see you, take care of yourself."
Bret starts to walk out.

"Hey Bret," I say. Bret stops and looks at me. "I’ll see you in 2
weeks."

"Alright, take care man," Bret says as he smiles and walks out of the
room.

In some ways, Bret is the best friend I’ve ever had. I’ve never been
through things with anyone like I’ve been through with him. Granted, he
is a drug dealer, and he went all mad scientist on Steve during his
overdose. No one is perfect, right? Still, if I didn’t take his advice,
I might still be jerking off alone in my room instead of having Jess.

I continue packing, and then there’s another knock at the door. It’s
Jess. And oh my god, she is beautiful. She’s wearing a blue and white
form-fitting sundress. Her long brown hair flowed elegantly in the
shadow of the light. She has that smile on her face, the one that could
make anyone’s heart skip a beat.

"Heeeyyy," she says walking toward me.

"Hi," I say kissing her as she throws her arms around me. I put my hands
around her waist and we talk.

"Are you all packed up?" I ask.

"Yep," she says.

"Everything?" I ask.

"Yep," she says.

"Even the black lace thong?" I say playfully.

"No," she says. "I’m wearing that right now."

"Oh really?" I say with a smile.

"No," she says. "I’m not wearing any panties."

I’m in love, I fucking love this woman, and I’m going to fuck her right
here and now.

I step back and lift up the bottom of the dress. I see her bare skin to
the tops of her lips with a small landing strip that is pointing to me
like a fucking arrow telling me to go down here now! I must obey the
almighty pussy and drop down to my knees with my head moving closer to
it’s beckoning call. That’s when her hand palms my face, stopping me
dead in my tracks.

"Calm down," she says pulling her dress back down. "I feel like I’m
getting a yeast infection. I need to air things out."

I don’t know what that is, but it doesn’t sound good.

"Too much sex, huh?" I say trying to act funny.

"Yeah, probably," she says like I just stated a fact.

OK, well I didn’t know that. See, another great thing about Jess. I
learn new things all the time. I get back up to my feet.

"I have to go Erik. Everyone’s waiting for me downstairs. I wanted you
to meet them, but I guess Dad has to be at work early tomorrow and I
want them to have time to talk to you so they can get to know you."

"Don’t worry," I say. "It’s fine. In 2 weeks when we come back, I’ll
come over and meet them."

She leans in to kiss me, and I kiss her back. I don’t want her to go. I
miss her already, and she hasn’t even walked out the door yet.

We stop kissing, and she leans back. "I have to go say goodbye to Lexi,
and then I'm off. I’ll call you tonight."

"OK," I say. "I’ll miss you."

"I’ll miss you too," she says. "I’ll see you in 2 weeks." We both get
teary-eyed and kiss once more. She walks toward the door. When she gets
just outside, she turns around and says "Bye." Then, she turns and walks
out of sight. I stood there, freezing the shot of her in the doorway as
my own personal photo and I cement it in my head.

Two weeks. Two fucking weeks before I can see her again. My eyes start
welling up, and I don’t want anyone to see me cry, so I shut the door. I
sit down in my chair, and I cry. I just... I just needed to be sad so
that I could come back to the realization that it’s only temporary.
After a minute, I grab a tissue and wipe my tears away. Then, I finish
my bottle of water and throw it into the pile of trash in the bin. It’s
overflowing, so I’ll have to take it out now.

I pick up the trash bin and walk out the door. I turned the corner and
emptied the wastebasket in the large trash can in the hall. As
everything empties, I hear the ding of the elevator and then loud clicks
in the hallway. I look over, and I couldn’t believe what I saw. The
clicks were caused by a woman wearing high heels as she walked
confidently down the hallway right toward me.

As she walked forward, the reflection of the light that poured through
one of the windows was blocked and then scattered by something that she
was wearing. The shimmering effect made it look like purple butterflies
suddenly shot out from behind her and then disappeared. My eyes re-focus
and I see her red high heels connected to her beautiful tanned legs,
followed by a tight red dress. The woman was wearing deep red lipstick
and had beautiful dirty blond hair. And she was walking toward me.

It took me only 2 seconds to realize who she was. I’ve never seen her
all dressed up like this. I mean I’ve seen her with all her makeup done
up and wearing all kinds of different stuff, but never like this. And,
she was here, in my dorm, on my floor, walking toward me. It was Lara,
and she looked fucking, goddamn incredible. Incredible was an
understatement. Words can’t describe what she looked like.

I was frozen in place, not sure why she was here and confused as hell as
to why she was dressed like that. She HATED dresses, she told me so. She
told me that was not her thing, but here she is. What do I do?

She was holding her stomach with one hand as she walked forward. She
walks right up to me and stops.

"Hi Erik," she says.

"Hi," I say.

"I need you, Erik," she says.

What??? What the fuck?

"I don't understand what that means," I say. She steps closer to me.

"I need you," she says. "That's the only way this will work. Whatever
you want me to do, I’ll do it. Whatever you want me to be, I'll be it."

I’m fucking speechless. How? Why? What the fuck happened?

My mind goes blank, and I struggle to say words or anything that sounds
like a coherent thought. Images begin to flood my head. Lara. Lola.
Porn. Sex. They all seep in. I'm trying to take back control. I need to
focus.

"I... I'm with someone," I say. "I’m... Pretty crazy about her... I
think I might be..."

"I love you," she says cutting me off.

What??? The??? Fuck???

"What?" I say, but just as a reaction. All I see is Lola. I see her...
Fucking... Me...

"Is that what you need to hear Erik?" she asks. "Is that what you need?
Is that what you want? I can be that for you... I love you."

My mind is mush. My vision blurs as I stare off to the side trying to
comprehend these words that were said to me. I'm trying to think. I'm
trying to react. I see something coming closer and before I know it...

She kisses me... very passionately... And I don’t push her away. My eyes
close, the world goes white, and I’m lost in this moment. I have no idea
how long we were standing there. But, then she stops and leans back
waiting for my response. I open my eyes and look back at her.

I'm hard. I'm fucking rock hard. All I can think of is sex. Nothing
else. Nothing else matters. Lara's asshole selfie is now frozen in my
head. The image of rabbit staring into heaven. "Fuck my ass cowboy." I
can't resist. I need to follow the white rabbit.

"Lara...," I say. "I..." And that’s when I notice that Bret’s door is
open. And standing in the hallway is Lexi, Bret... and Jess...

My eyes travel to Jess. No, oh god no... I see her face... She looks
like she is about to cry... Fuck, no... I did this to her... Oh god,
no...

I step backward, but my head is spinning. This is too heavy... I’m
losing my footing, and I can’t make out either of them anymore. I just
see 2 dots, red and blue amongst a white background... I feel faint... I
can’t stand anymore... The colors are swirling, and all I see is purple.
I hear them all yell my name and I’m struggling to keep my balance...

This can't be real... This must be a dream... Shit like this just can’t
happen. Or can it?
