Epilogue
========

<br />

"Today is a new beginning."

The young man awoke suddenly in his bed. He checked the time and
realized that he needed to get moving. After he rubbed his eyes, he put
on his glasses. Then, he stood up and walked to his desk. He looked at
his computer screen. There was a dialog box that said "Copy completed."
He clicked the "OK" button and it revealed a screen which showed the
handout flyers that he worked on the night before. The young man sat
down and removed a black and red USB stick from the laptop. He began
putting the final touches on the documents on the screen and then
started printing them to the desktop printer sitting next to his
computer. The flyers were simple, containing information on the young
man’s service offerings. They were custom tailored to the needs of
college students who are having computer problems or need help with
computer-related classes.

The young man was thin, with black rimmed glasses and short jet black
hair. He always excelled in technology and was always looking for better
ways to fund his future endeavors, whether they be for college or
anything else.

The young man walked to the bathroom and showered. Then, he changed into
a nice blue/red button-up shirt and khaki pants. He then put on the
nicest shoes that he owned. Afterward, he picked up the usb stick and
put it in his pocket. He picked up the papers on the printer and walked
out of his house. He said goodbye to his mother on his way out. He sent
a text to his sister that said: "I’m off." "Good luck." was the
response.

The young man hopped a college bus on the main road as he practiced his
pitch. "Hi, my name is... hrm." He cleared his throat. "I am going
door-to-door handing out flyers about computer services... No... Hello,
I'm a... I'm a computer ... Guy... Shit... Good afternoon, my... uh...
and I would like to tell you about my computer skills... Ugh..."

The bus stopped and opened its doors. The young man exited the bus with
his flyers in hand. The young man looks around and sees all of the
campus apartments lined up one after another. He walks up to the first
one and knocks on the door. He continues to each apartment on the block,
knocking on each door and giving his pitch. Some take the paper; others
don’t respond or answer the door.

The young man continues walking from one building to the next. After
finishing with the last building, he pauses and looks at the next
building. He pulls out his cellphone and looks at the time.

"OK," he says. "This is it." Then, he takes a deep breath and continues
walking up to the first apartment door at this next apartment building.
He knocks on the door.

"Who's there?" a female voice says behind the door.

"Um, hi, umm... My... umm... I’m here to tell you, um, about..."

"Go away!" the voice yells out, cutting him off. "I don't want any."

"Fuck," the young man says to himself. "She didn't even open the door."
He slunk down feeling defeated. He turned to leave, but then stopped
himself. He bolstered some courage and decided to knock again.

"Go away! I'm busy!"

"I just want to um, talk about..."

"GO... the fuck... AWAY!"

"Now what do I do?" the young man thinks. "I'll leave a flyer and walk
away. Maybe she'll call later."

"OK, Miss..." the young man says. "I'm going to leave my information in
case... In case you need computer help." He slides the paper under the
door. He walks backward and then turns to walk away. Suddenly, the door
swings open, and a young woman is staring at the flyer, reading it
intently.

"Hey!" the girl screams.

The young man freezes and turns around to see the young woman standing
in the entryway. "Yes?" the young man responds surprised.

The young woman lowers the paper meeting the young man’s gaze.

"Do you make websites?"
