Chapter 3
=========

<br />
<blockquote>
<table>
<tr>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00101011
</td>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00111101
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
00110011
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</blockquote>
<br />

Erik was on the bus riding to his first day of class as the rain poured
outside. The streets were soaked as the bus splashed through puddles of
pooling water. The bus was circling campus, stopping at several
buildings along the way. Erik’s stop was the 2nd to last one before the
bus looped back to the dorms.

Erik stared out the window at the pouring rain. "What a miserable
fucking day," he thought. "What the fuck am I going to do after class?
Maybe I’ll walk around the dorm for a while and see what’s open." Erik
hadn’t had much time to explore the dorm building. After moving in and
the incident with the cops, Erik had enough for one day, so he decided
to call it a night and went to sleep.

The bus pulled up to his stop. A bunch of the students filed out of the
bus and hurried toward the building to get out of the rain as quickly as
possible. Erik made it inside and then looked for his classroom. Erik
followed a sign to his left. He headed down the hallway into one of the
smaller classrooms in the building. The class only had about 30 desks in
the room, and there was just one seat left unfilled. The other students
were silent, staring at their phones, not even acknowledging another
living being entering the room. Erik sat down at the one empty desk near
the back of the room.

Erik opened his backpack and pulled out a pen and notebook. Then he
checked his phone. 2 minutes until class starts. Erik sat in his chair,
patiently waiting for class to begin. Erik’s eyes wandered the room,
studying his classmates. Most of the students looked older than he was.
"They must have flunked the class last year," Erik thought. As Erik’s
eyes continued to move to their phones, he noticed most all of the other
students were on social media. Some were scrolling through their feeds;
others were posting messages. One girl appeared to be taking a "sad face
selfie" and posting it. "Who the fuck cares that you are at summer
school?" Erik thought.

A man entered the room and walked toward the teacher’s desk in the
front. "Good morning," he said as he sorted his books out on the desk.
"It looks like everyone is here, so let’s get started. My name is
Professor Hand and this is Advanced Electromagnetic Field Theory." He
paused as the students looked around frantically. Some of the students
started to open their bags and pull out their schedules. Others looked
like they were ready to run for the door. The professor cracked a smile.
"Sorry, that’s later today. This is Psychology 101. If you are in the
wrong class, you are free to leave now." Most of the students let out a
sigh of relief and smiled. However, one puzzled student stood up. He was
wearing a long-sleeve flannel shirt on a summer morning. He had long
scraggly hair and looked half asleep, maybe even stoned. "Uh, what room
is this?" the student asked holding a paper in his hand.

"One twelve," said the professor.

"Oh....," said the student. "Where’s two-twelve?"

"Upstairs," responded the professor.

"Uh, yeah... right...," the boy said as he slowly backed out of the
room. "Upstairs. Cause it’s a two," the student continued saying as he
left the room. The professor shook his head with his eyes closed. Then,
he turned back to the class. "Anyone else?"

Just then, Erik heard the sound of wet sneakers squeaking and swishing
outside the hallway. A young woman entered the room completely soaked
from head to toe. She stopped at the doorway and looked at the students
and then the professor, who were all looking at her in amazement. The
young woman’s hair was dripping water that ran down her arms to her
hands and eventually to the floor. She was wearing a white t-shirt that
was tinted slightly light blue. The wet t-shirt was sucked onto her
body. Her eye makeup was running down her cheeks. "Sorry, I’m late," she
said. She walked to the only empty seat, previously occupied by the
long-haired stoner, and sat down. Everyone continued to stare at her,
including the professor.

"Oh... Kay....," the professor continued. "As I was saying, I am
Professor Hand and this is Psychology 101." The students broke their
unified gaze on the wet student to focus on the professor at the front
of the class.

"Over the course of the next eight weeks, " the Professor continued as
Erik found himself still staring at the young woman who sat dripping wet
one seat directly diagonal to him to his front-left. She was visibly
uncomfortable, although Erik could tell she was trying to keep herself
put together like nothing was wrong. She would slightly shake or twitch,
having chills from the air conditioning pouring into the building. The
girl was visibly cold and wet, yet she was trying to pay attention to
the professor as he went through his introduction to the class. She
pulled her hair together with her hand and pulled it to her left side,
more water dripping down to the floor in the process.

Erik was lost in her. He thought this girl was beautiful. She looked
like some sort of trainwreck, goth princess from the neck up with a
sexy, sporty, yet hourglass-shaped body. Her shirt and shorts were
pasted onto her body, showing every curve. Erik continued to look at her
up and down. He would undress her with his eyes, and then blink,
resetting him back to reality. Then, he watched as she undressed for him
in his mind. Erik’s imagination continued to take control as it led him
into a large bedroom with her where they were ripping each other’s
clothes off. "I’m so wet Erik," she said. "Fuck me now, Er.."

"Erik McMurphy," the professor called. Erik snapped his head forward.
"Uh yeah," he responded. The professor cocked his head slightly, raising
an eyebrow and smirking as he looked at the next name. Erik blinked
rapidly and took a deep breath, shaking off his daydream. Erik shifted
in his seat. He had to adjust himself, as Erik was now sitting
uncomfortably with the growing bulge that had formed below during his
dream sequence. "Jessica Moncino," the professor continued. "Here," the
dripping wet girl responded.

"Jessica," Erik thought. "That’s a beautiful name."

Through the entire class, Erik continued to stare at Jessica. He
couldn’t keep his eyes off of her. Erik kept trying to direct her
through his thoughts. "Just turn a little more," he thought. "I just
want to see your entire face again. Yes, that’s it. No! Too quick.
Glance over. Look at the wall. Find... something... on the wall. Find
something interesting on the wall and look at it. Look! There’s a poster
that says, 'be all you can be'. Look at that! Please! For like, 1
minute."

Jessica was engrossed in the class. She was following the professor as
he moved to the front of the class. "She’s probably brilliant," Erik
thought. "I mean look at her. She’s listening so intently, and she’s
taking notes..." Erik looked forward and saw the professor writing on
the whiteboard in front of the class. Then, Erik turned to his left and
saw everyone was writing something down. Erik’s head moved around
hurriedly, trying to get a handle on what was so important since the
professor only wrote a very small Internet URL web address on the board.
Finally, Erik looked forward and noticed the professor was looking
directly at him.

"One last time just to make sure everyone heard it," the professor said.
"The password for the homework site is the last four digits of your
student ID number." The professor paused for a moment, looking at Erik.
"Write that down," he continued. Erik finally began writing in his
notebook. The professor slightly shook his head. "Everything else you
need is on the same website," the professor continued. "Go there today
and fill out the forms. If you don’t have them tomorrow, you will be in
trouble. Understood?"

Everyone in the class nodded, and so did Erik. Erik finished writing
down the notes in his notebook. "Wait," he thought. "What was the
username to the website? Does it just know me by the last four digits of
my student ID? Shit. Maybe I should ask. No, that’s not right. He
probably said it a few times. I’ll just email him tonight. Yeah that’ll
work."

After class, Erik followed Jessica out of the classroom and down the
hall. She was moving slowly, as the other students from the class in
front of her were all moving in the same direction. Suddenly, Jessica
turned around and pulled Erik into an empty classroom off to their
right. Jessica ripped off her wet shirt and then pulled Erik’s shirt
over his head. "Oh Fuck," he said surprised. She pushed him onto the
desk and jumped on top of him, pushing her head down onto his.

Erik blinked and continued walking behind Jessica down the hallway.
Jessica was still walking with the crowd of students. Then, Jessica
stopped, grabbed Erik’s hand and pulled him into a broom closet to the
left. Jessica said nothing as she kneeled and pulled down Erik’s shorts.
"Oh fuck yeah," he groaned. Jessica grabbed Erik’s hard cock, parted her
lips, and leaned her head toward it, preparing to take him in her mouth.

Erik closed his eyes and took a breath. When he reopened them, Erik was
still walking down the hallway. Erik saw Jessica was halfway inside the
faculty bathroom with her hand held up and her finger in a "come here"
motion. Erik walked towards the bathroom. Erik walked in and turned
Jessica around so she was facing the wall. Erik forcefully pulled down
her shorts. Then, Erik pulled down his shorts and pushed into her from
behind, pressing the side of Jessica’s face up against the wall. "Fuck
me!" she screamed.

Erik looked down and blinked. When he looked up again, he was continuing
through the hallway behind Jessica. They both came to the front
entrance. The rain had stopped, and the sun was now shining in the blue
sky. The weather was now hot and humid. The both of them walked through
the doors outside with several other students. Just as they were walking
down the front steps, the bus arrived, and everyone entered through the
bus doors.

Erik lost sight of Jessica on the bus. He watched intently at the first
stop and didn’t see her get off. The 2nd stop was Erik’s. Erik exited
the bus with a group of students and looked around. Erik didn’t see
Jessica. Erik walked forward toward the dorm building, as he looked all
around hoping to catch another glimpse of Jessica. As the bus sped away,
Erik turned around back toward the street. The sun glared off the
buildings across the street. There were two stores next to each other
"Followe’s Book Store" and "The White Rabbit: Sports Bar and Grill." The
window of the bar reflected the sunlight into Erik’s eyes, as Erik saw
her walk across the street. Erik ran across the street after her. The
clouds began to roll back in. Erik looked up and realized that it was
probably going to rain again. Then, Erik continued to follow her.

On the other side of the street, she turned left by the bookstore.
Around the right corner of the bookstore, there were several other
stores off to the right in the strip mall and a convenience store
straight ahead. She opened the glass door and walked into the
convenience store. Erik followed, passing "Golden Key Shoes" and another
sign that said "Locksmith." Erik entered the convenience store and
noticed that the girl was at the counter appearing to buy a pack of
cigarettes from the store clerk. Erik walked down the first aisle past
the counter. To his right, there was a cooler with various drinks and an
advertisement sign above the cooler that said: "Drink Me!" Erik pulled
out a bottle of soda and opened it swiftly without thinking. He drank
from it quickly as he turned around back towards the girl and ducked
down. Erik stared at the girl between the items on the shelves.

Erik’s view was obstructed, so he kept looking around the items trying
to get a better look at the girl. The shelf he was looking through had
all kinds of snacks and baked goods. There were small signs all over
that said: "Eat Me!". Erik grabbed a small package of brownie cakes and
pulled it down to try and see better. Without thinking, he opened up the
box and began eating the brownie cakes. Erik stood up to look over the
shelf at the girl just as he saw her leave the store. She walked outside
just as it started to rain again.

Erik could see her through the glass door. She stopped just outside of
the store under the awning, she opened her pack of cigarettes, took one
out and lit it. "OK, this is my chance," Erik thought. He walked to the
counter with his drink and snack. "Can I have a pack of cigarettes?" he
asked the clerk.

"What kind?" asked the clerk. The clerk looked tired, like he just
rolled out of bed and came to work. His hair was shaggy, and his facial
hair was overgrown into something that was not quite a beard but not
well kept either.

"I don’t know whatever you have," Erik responded.

"We’ve got all kinds of cigarettes man. We got regular, menthol,
filtered, unfiltered, ...," the clerk responded.

"Regular, filtered I guess," Erik said.

"What brand?" asked the clerk.

"Just give me what’s ever on sale," Erik said hurriedly. Erik’s eyes
kept wandering over to the door, hoping she didn’t leave.

"We’ve got buy 2 get one free Bullseyes," said the clerk grabbing for
the cigarettes.

"Just give me that red pack there," Erik said frustrated, pointing to a
pack sitting on the counter next to the register.

"7 dollars," said the clerk.

"Jesus, this is an expensive habit," Erik said under his breath.

"The Bullseyes are a better deal man," responded the clerk. "Especially
since you smoke the regu..."

"Thanks, have a good one," Erik cut him off running for the door,
forgetting his drink and snack.

She was still outside smoking when Erik walked out the door. Her back
was turned to him looking out at the rain. The sky was now overtaken by
gray rain clouds again giving the world a dim view for the second time
this morning.

Erik opened the pack of cigarettes and nervously took one out. He put it
in his mouth. "Fuck," he thought. "I don’t have a lighter. Wait... This
is it! I can ask her for a lighter." Erik took a deep breath. "Uh, do
you have a lighter?" he asked the girl.

The girl turned around. Erik saw that this wasn’t Jessica. She was
wearing a dark-colored baseball cap and wore a white t-shirt, tinted
slightly red. The girl reached into her purse and held out a lighter for
him. Erik kept staring at her, confused. All at once, Erik felt
defeated, dumbfounded, and ripped off for paying 7 dollars for
cigarettes that he didn’t want to smoke. The girl tilted her head in
curiosity, wondering why this boy was frozen in place staring at her
with a stupefied look on his face. "Here you go," she said moving the
lighter slightly in front of Erik’s face, her eyes widening in
bewilderment.

Erik finally snapped out of his depression, exhaled and took the
lighter. "Fuck it," he thought. "I paid for the fucking things..." He
lit up the cigarette, choked and coughed up a large amount of smoke.
"You alright there chief?" the girl asked with a smile.

"Hrm... uh, yeah...," Erik said clearing his throat, trying to catch his
breath.

"Maybe you should switch to lights," she said.

"Yeah... Erhm... Good idea," Erik sputtered.

The girl looked at Erik’s shirt which showed a graphic of an 8-bit
rendered superhero jumping into the air. She turned toward him and
smiled. "Cool shirt," she said to Erik. "Is that like some computer
thing?"

"It’s from an old video game in the 80’s," Erik said.

"Ah," she said uninterested, turning to the side. She looked back out
into the rain.

"You can play the old games on a computer, if that’s what you mean,"
Erik said confused desperate to keep the conversation going after
feeling defeated once already before 10 AM this morning.

"So, are you like a computer nerd or something like that?" she asked
casually, turning her head back toward him and looking him in the eyes.

"Or something like that," Erik said smirking, half insulted by the nerd
comment.

"Do you know how to make websites?" she asked as she pivoted her
shoulders slightly back in Erik’s direction.

"Yeah," Erik responded. "It’s not hard."

"What about like sites that sell stuff?" she asked, the smile on her
face widening.

"Yeah, that’s not too hard either," Erik said.

The girl turned directly back to Erik. "Could you help me with my
website?" the girl asked Erik.

"Umm... I guess," Erik said. "What kind of website is it?"

"I sell rare works of art," she said to Erik.

Erik is starting to think this sounds very sketchy. But, he was
interested.

"What kind of art?" Erik asked.

"The rare kind," she said slowly.

Erik put his head down. "I don’t know," he started. "I really don’t know
anything about art. And I need to find a job this summer. If I don’t,
my..." "I’ll pay you \$20 for an hour of your help," she stated, cutting
off Erik.

"I really don’t know if I can help you," Erik said.

"\$25, for one hour," she responded.

"Look, you can’t get much done in an hour.," Erik said. "It would
probably take a few days to get your site up and running if you are
selling artwork on it. Honestly, there are website builders all over the
internet that are pretty cheap and easy to use."

"I tried those," she said. "They aren’t going to work for me." She
looked down. This sounded very strange. Erik had personally used one of
these recently, and it was straightforward. "Well maybe she just didn’t
use the right one," he thought.

"OK, well if you don’t use one of those, then you’ll need someone to
build the site. Then you have to think about hosting, some type of
payment account, and you need to figure out things like shipping
costs..."

"\$30, for one hour of your time to help me understand all the stuff I
need to do," she stopped him again. "Final offer. \$30 just to say what
you just said, write it down on a list and help me find out how I can do
it."

Erik thought some more. "\$30 for one hour of work," he thought. "What
the fuck, why not?"

"Alright," he said to the girl. "When and where do you want to do this?"

"Right now, at my apartment," she said starting to walk towards the
street. "C’mon, follow me."

Erik began following the girl. After a few steps, she stopped.

"Wait," she said. "Do you have a problem with nudity?"

Erik looked at her very confused. She stared at Erik, studying the
expression on his face looking concerned that he was going to say yes.
"Umm, no. Why?"

"Like exotic art forms?" she asked, more sternly this time.

Erik was getting very curious about this. "What do you mean by exotic?"
he asked. "Do you mean exotic, or erotic?"

"Why, is that a problem?" she responded with a grave look on her face.

"No, not at all," Erik said. "I’m just trying to figure out what the
hell, you’re talking about."

"Some people would say my artwork is erotic," she said slowly, tilting
her head upward, biting her lip.

Erik raised his eyes. "Like, porn?" he asked smiling slightly. "Holy
shit...," Erik thought. "Do NOT fuck this up, Erik."

"Do you have a problem with porn?" she responded.

"No, no, not at all," he said. "I’m a big fan of it." Erik shook his
head feeling stupid for that comment. "I mean... it’s great! Uh, I
mean... Well, no... I don’t have a problem with pornography."

The expression on the girl’s face relaxed as she laughed at him. "Fuck,"
Erik thought. "I blew it."

"OK. you’ll do fine," she said. "I’m Lara." She said as she continued to
walk.

"Erik," said Erik quickly. "I’m Erik. I’m nice to meet y... Umm, nice to
meet you..."

Lara giggled again as the two walked into the rain and past the red Stop
sign across the street.
