Chapter 7
=========

<br />
<blockquote>
<table>
<tr>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00101011
</td>
<td>
00110001
</td>
<td>
00111101
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
00110011
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</blockquote>
<br />

Wednesday morning, Erik woke up naked in bed to his alarm clock buzzing.
He sat up in bed, like a zombie, and with his eyes half shut, he wrapped
a towel around himself, grabbed his shower basket and walked to the
bathroom. When he returned to his room from the shower, he removed the
towel, sat down at his computer desk, turned on porn and masturbated
until he came. Then, he put on some clothes to wear for the day and went
off to class.

Again, Erik stared at Jessica all day, even though she was now talking
to the same guy who walked up to her after class yesterday. Erik was red
with jealousy, but he didn’t know what to do. Instead of doing
something, he just kept staring, hoping that she would choose to look
back at Erik instead of talking to the guy next to her.

Class ended, and Erik rode the bus back to the dorms. When he took the
elevator up to his floor, he could hear banging on a door. Erik looked
around the corner and saw Steve pounding on a door to a room that wasn’t
his. Erik stared at Steve as he punched and kicked at the door.

"Steve," Erik says. Steve continues pounding on the door.

"Steve!," Erik says louder.

"Whaaa?" Steve says looking over at Erik.

"What are you doing?" Erik asks.

"Mothee Fuckas peppa ma foods and lock ma fuckun door!" Steve half
mumbled, half yelled. Steve stands back and runs full speed into the
door and puts his shoulder into it. The door bursts open. Steve stands
in the doorway looking at the inside of the room. He’s shocked as he
looks around.

"Dose Fuckas!," he yells. "Ma soop is gon! Dey fuckun robbed me!"

"Who?" Erik asks.

"Dat fuckun bitch at da fron desk!" Steve yells. "Imma gonna fuck dem
all up!"

"Steve," Erik said yelling. "This is not your room."

"Whaa?" Steve mumbles.

"Your room is next door," Erik says.

"Where?" Steve asks.

"Your room is the next one over, Steve," Erik says.

Steve storms past Erik out into the hallway and looks at the door to his
own room. He sizes up the door and then takes a few steps back, looking
like he’s about to charge again to break down the door.

"Steve, wait!" Erik yells.

Steve stops and looks at Erik. Erik walks over to the door and turns the
doorknob. The door opens. Steve looks at Erik and then looks at the
inside of the room. Steve slowly walks inside and looks around.

The room was messy. There were clothes scattered around the room and
open bags of junk food on the floor. Just to the right of the doorway,
there was the standard wood dorm desk. On the desk were a closed laptop,
a half-folded letter, and Steve’s keys. Erik shook his head at the sight
of the room keys. Then, the letter caught his eye. Erik tried to look at
it. Erik could see that it had the university crest at the top of the
paper, which was the official school letterhead. All Erik could read was
the first line: "To Steven David Smith."

"OK," Steve says looking pained and confused. Then, he stumbles to his
fridge and opens the door. He reaches inside and pulls out an unopened
can of soup and stares at it. "It’s fine." Steve turns around, gives
Erik the reverse head nod and then climbs into bed, with the soup can.

Erik is stunned, not sure of what to make of all of this. Erik walks out
of the room and closes the door behind him. Then, Erik walks over to the
room next door to look at the damage that Steve caused.

Erik can see that the door looks to be solid and all the damage that
Steve caused was to the metal framing on the inside of the room. The
framing was severely bent and twisted, but the door itself looked
unscathed. Erik tried merely closing the door, but it wouldn’t latch.
The door would gently creep open.

"He fucked this up pretty good," Erik thought to himself. "Still, if we
can keep it closed, no one would probably find out until everyone comes
back for the fall semester." Erik looked back over at Steve’s room,
trying to decide what he should do.

Erik was conflicted. He didn’t want anyone to get into trouble, but he
also didn’t want to start messing with this, because if he did and
someone saw him, then Erik could get blamed for the damage. After a few
seconds, Erik walked back to his room.

Erik went into his closet and pulled out a small computer toolset that
had some screwdrivers, pliers, hammers, electrical tape and duct tape.
Then, Erik walked backed to the room with the door opened. Erik took out
the pliers and started bending the frame back into shape. Then he
hammered the framing structure into the wall the best he could. Finally,
he took some duct tape and wrapped it, so it was double-sided. He ran it
up and down the track so it would stay in place. Erik did the same on
the inside of the door so that it would stick to the frame. After he was
done fixing the frame, Erik shut the door, but it still opened just a
crack. Erik used the electrical tape to stick the strike plate and the
latch assembly together. In the end, the door looked shut entirely, same
as it did before Steve touched it.

Erik gathered his tools and went back to his room. Then, he started
working on Lara’s website again. After several hours of work, Erik left
for his next class. Erik skipped lunch because he was too engrossed in
his work that he just forgot. Now the hunger was hitting him, and he
knew that after class, the first thing he was going to do was go to
dinner.

Math class was the same as the day before. Erik continued to stare at
Jessica throughout the class, daydreaming about anything and everything.
They were hanging out together, fighting, making out, playing video
games, having sex, and more. Erik was so infatuated with Jessica and
lost in his own dreams of her that the 2 hours of class felt like they
didn’t even happen.

The more Erik dreamt about Jessica, the more he felt intimidated by her.
Jessica was now utterly unapproachable to Erik. After three full days of
fantasy, Erik’s brain would go to mush whenever he looked at her. Erik
wanted those dreams to become a reality, but around Jessica, he couldn’t
concentrate, he couldn’t talk, he couldn’t do anything. The more he
thought about trying to say something, the more depressed he felt for
not being able to think of anything.

Class ended, and Erik rode the bus back to the dorms. Erik went straight
to the cafeteria for dinner. He picked up a tray, grabbed some food and
saw Steve and Bret at a nearby table. Erik walked over and sat down with
them.

Steve looked exhausted. He held his head in his hands and was trying to
eat, but he looked like he was going to fall asleep where he sat.

"You alright Steve," Erik asked. Steve looked up with groggy eyes and
nodded slightly.

"He passed out on the shitter," Bret said. "Found him in the bathroom on
my way down."

"Steve," Erik said. "Do you think maybe you should go see someone?"
Steve looked up and shook his head no and looked down again. Erik
thought about telling Bret about Steve’s door breakdown earlier but
decided to keep it to himself. "The fewer people know about it, the
better," Erik thought.

Erik glanced over toward the doorway of the cafeteria and saw Jessica.
Erik froze and watched his dream girl walk into the cafeteria with
others behind her. Erik smiled at the sight of Jessica. As Jessica
exited the line, she sat down at a nearby table and was joined by two
other girls and two guys. Erik noticed that one of the guys was the same
boy who Jessica would talk to in their morning class.

"What the fuck?" Erik said quietly under his breath. Bret heard Erik and
looked over in the direction where Erik was staring.

"Aw, damn," Bret said. "She’s got a boyfriend now. That sucks man."

Erik was fuming. He looked back at Bret who had a look of "I told you
so" written all over his face. Erik looked back and saw Jessica laughing
as she was conversing with her table companions.

Erik turned toward his food and put his head down.

"Dude," Bret said. "It’s not the end of the world. So she’s got a
boyfriend, so what? Doesn’t mean shit. You haven’t even talked to her
yet, right? You gotta grow a pair and talk to her. And if you strikeout,
you won’t feel so bad. You’re pissed off because you haven’t even tried
and you think you lost. Don’t do that. You gotta try first before you
start coming down on yourself."

Erik looked up at Bret. "It looks like it’s too late for that," Erik
said sadly. Erik looked back at Jessica and smiled slightly when he saw
her laughing.

"Dude," Bret said. "I’m not trying to be a dick. But you’re acting like
a little bitch."

Erik looked back at Bret with an angry glare.

"Seriously," Bret continued. "You stare at this chick all day long, and
you say nothing. She comes in here with a guy, and you crumple up like a
piece of trash. Grow a pair, have a fucking backbone and move the fuck
on. You’ll be better off if you don’t get down on yourself for something
you have no control over."

Erik knew Bret was right. He just didn’t know how to accept it. Erik
nodded slowly and continued eating.

"Fuck it," Bret said. "Let’s talk about something else. More racing
tonight?" Erik and Steve both nodded in agreement.

"Alright," Bret said. "I’m going to take you pussies to school."

After dinner, the three went outside while Bret smoked a cigarette.
Then, they went back to Bret’s room and played video games. During their
racing game, Bret asked a question to Erik.

"So, what are you going to do about that chick you keep eye fucking
downstairs?" Bret asked.

"Jessica?" Erik responded.

"I don't know what her name is," Bret said. "I just know her as
cafeteria girl."

"Like I said before," Erik started. "She's in my classes."

"So, why haven't you said anything to her yet?" Bret asked.

"What am I supposed to say?" Erik said defensively. "I have no idea how
to start a conversation with her."

"Start with hi," Bret said.

"And then follow it up with?" Erik shot back.

"My name is. Air. Rick," Bret said in a slow mocking, childish tone.

"And then?" Erik shot back again.

Bret continued to respond in the same mocking tone. "Do you like
baseball? I like baseball! Let's go play some baseball."

"Fuckin in em pussay," Steve growled. He was mumbling, and it was
difficult to make out what he was saying. "Stop talk-ing an tha. All a
bout it... and do it."

"What the fuck are you babbling about?" Bret asked Steve.

"Sen her a pick.. of yer dick," Steve managed to say. As he continued to
talk, it became easier to understand him, as if his drug-induced coma
state was now slowly lifting away. He spoke slowly. "She'll text back.
If she wants to fuck."

Bret burst into laughter at Steve’s comment. Erik didn’t know what to
think.

"Really?" Erik asked.

"Man, dick pics are for idiots and pedophiles," Bret said. "If a girl
wants to see your dick, she'll start by feeling down your pants. Sending
them a dick pic is like the same as saying I want to rape you. It's a
fucking invasion. They didn't ask for it, so don't give it to them."

"Whateva," Steve said. "I sen dem all da time. I fuckin massa text tha
shit out."

"And how many times did someone respond?" Bret asked.

"A nuff," Steve responded.

"What if they ask for it?" Erik asked, genuinely curious if Bret thought
there was a situation where sending a dick pic was a good idea.

"Has a girl asked for a dick pic of you?" Bret asked.

"No," Erik responded putting his head down.

"No," Steve cut in. "They ass you fo a white pencil and dey die laughing
when dey gets a pic wit yer pubes."

Bret smiled.

Bret angrily looked over at Steve. "Fuck you," Erik said.

"Lighten up whitey," Steve said jokingly. "Jus ask da girl if you can
pee in der butt. Seri-us-lee, da chick dat doesn't slap you will fuck
you, guaran-teed." Steve reached into his pocket and took out a pill
bottle. He emptied the contents and then put them in his mouth. He
swallowed quickly.

"That's fucking crazy man," Bret said. "How do you get out of there
after it's over without her trying to chain you to the basement and keep
you as a fucking pet or some shit like that?"

"I tell her that she reminds me of my sister," Steve responded in
perfect English as if the last of the haze completely lifted. "And I
love that about her."

Bret was stunned. "No fucking way," Bret said with a huge smile on his
face, trying to contain the laughter.

"Swear to god," Steve said. "Works every time."

Bret shook his head snickering. "I'm just amazed a woman hasn't
castrated you yet."

"Oh yeah, that's happened," Steve responded. Bret paused the game and
both Bret and Erik looked at Steve, eyes wide.

"What?" Erik and Bret both asked in unison.

"That's when they yell a lot right?" Steve responded.

"No that's where they cut your dick off," Bret said.

"Oh... Then no..."

Bret and Erik looked at each other and shook their heads as they rolled
their eyes. Bret unpaused the game.

"That's stupid," Steve continued. "All women want are the 3 C's:
Compliments, Kisses, and Cock... in the ass."

"That's 2 C's and a K," Erik said.

"No Ciss, not Kiss," Steve said, pronouncing them both the same way.
"It's when two girls kiss by rubbing pussies together. That shit is
awesome."

"You are a serious fucking degenerate," Bret said.

"Dude, when does this shit kick in?" Steve asked changing the topic.

"You aren't waiting long enough," Bret responded.

"Do I have to fucking put in a workout or something to make it go
faster?" Steve asked.

"You workout when you get high?" Bret asked.

"Does rabid masturbation count?" Steve said jokingly.

Bret shakes his head. "I walked right into that."

"Hey, at least when I’m done working out," Steve started to say. "I’ve
got something to show for it; ya know what I mean?" Steve held up his
hand and rubbed his thumb and first finger together.

"Sick fuck..." Bret said laughing to himself.

"Give me another one of those pills," Steve said.

"Dude, just wait," Bret responded.

"Fuck that," Steve said. He pulls out a flask and quickly downs the
contents in large gulps.

"Yeah, that's going to fuck you hard in about 20 minutes," Bret said.

"Well at least someone's getting fucked tonight," Steve responded.

They all watched the video game for another minute. Then, Steve broke
the silence.

"Dude, this shit isn't working," Steve said. "I need more."

"You just took it 5 minutes ago," Bret said. "Slow down or you'll
fucking pass out in the shitter again."

"This stuff is shit," Steve said.

"Then go buy your shit somewhere else," Bret responded.

"Fuck this," Steve said standing up. "I’m bored. I’m gonna go jerk off."
Steve left the room.

"Fucking moron," Bret said shaking his head. "Aww fuck!" Bret slammed
hard into the wall on the last turn before the finish line. This caused
him to lose the race. "Ain’t that a bitch."

Erik and Bret played video games for an hour. Eventually, Erik went back
to his room. Then, Erik fueled up on energy drinks and went back to work
on Lara’s website. This was the 3rd straight night in a row that Erik
was working on it. All-in-all, between the time he put in after class
and at night, he’s spent three full days working on this website.

Erik didn’t have much left. He thought only a few more days is all he
needed. After that, Erik would need to have Lara set up the accounts for
hosting and payments. Then, Erik could move it to the hosting company
and test out the payments. At that point, everything should be done.

In the end, Erik’s framework for the website was a popular open-source
Content Management System (CMS) that would be easy for Lara to upgrade,
maintain, and add to. Erik found several free plugins to build out the
extra features that Lara wanted. The images, videos, backgrounds, and
blog posts would not take long for her to figure out. Erik made a list
of things he needed to show Lara when he met with her again.

The night turned into the early hours of the next day and Erik needed to
get to sleep. He wrote Lara an email asking to meet up with her on
Friday to show her what he had done. She responded right away to have
him come over after class, same time as he did on Monday.

"Wow," Erik said. "She’s a night owl too." Erik started thinking about
seeing Lara again. "Maybe there could be something else there for me?"
Erik thought.

Erik navigated to Lara’s website and opened up a video titled "Whip
cream Cowgirl". At the beginning of the video, Lara was wearing a cowboy
hat, cowboy boots, and a whip cream bikini that was complete with two
cherries, one on each breast.

"Whoa," Erik said under his breath, frozen in amazement. Erik had not
seen this video before. Somehow, he missed it when going through all the
videos he took from her during their first meeting on Monday.

Erik fast forwarded the video. Lara was still wearing the hat, the
boots, and the messy remnants of the whip cream bikini. She was having
sex with the cameraman in cowgirl position. Erik took off his shirt and
pulled his pants down and began masturbating furiously. In less than a
minute, he came and turned off the video. Erik walked over to his bed
and fell asleep.

The next morning, Erik went to class. Jessica was already there talking
to her friend. Erik walked past them and took his seat. Erik dreamed of
fighting the guy and beating him up, even though the guy was much larger
than Erik. After the battle, Jessica would run into Erik’s arms and
thank him. The two of them would kiss passionately and start tearing off
each other’s clothes to have sex.

After class, Erik went to Lara's apartment and knocked on the door. Lara
answered. "What’s going on?" she asked. "It’s done," Erik responded.

"Oh shit, really?" Lara said excitedly. "Let’s see it!" Lara let Erik
into the apartment, and the two walked over to Lara’s desk. The cat
perked up from the futon when Erik walked in. The cat stared at Erik
with a grin and watched him.

"Everything is up and running," Erik said. "But, I need your bank
account to set up the payments and a credit card to set up the hosting
account."

"Oh," Lara said bewildered. "I... don’t have... my new checks yet. They
won’t come in for another few weeks."

"Few weeks?" Erik asked. "I got mine three days after I opened the
account."

"Well, I’m getting the specialty checks," Lara said. "And they take
longer... Nevermind. Just show me the website."

Erik opened the new website and showed Lara how it worked. Erik went
through the ads and how to set up a new customer. Erik even showed Lara
the content that was there for paid subscribers. "All we need is a way
to let your customers pay you," Erik said to Lara. "I just need your
bank information."

"Just set it up, and you can transfer it over at the end," Lara said.

"I can’t," Erik said. "It has to be in your name."

"Look," Lara said leaning in close to Erik. "I don’t have it right now.
What I do have is several guys willing to pay me to see all of this. So
I need your help." Lara’s eyes became very deep and full of desire. "Can
you help me, Erik?" she asked seductively.

"This costs money," Erik said nervously. "There’s a startup fee. And I’m
not sure how to transfer it once I open it."

Lara tilted her head slightly, keeping her gaze locked on Erik’s eyes.
"Erik, you like me don’t you?" she asked with a whiny, pouty voice. "I
need you to help me right now."

Erik was frozen. Lara pushed up against him putting her breasts in
Erik’s face, but still keeping her gaze locked on his eyes. She was now
looking down on Erik. "Can you just set it all up and I’ll pay you when
it’s done?" she asked.

Erik liked the feeling of Lara up against him. However, he felt under
pressure and he his heart rate began to elevate. "But it’s more money
than we talked about," Erik said. "And I don’t want you to be mad about
the cost."

"Erik," Lara said sliding her body back below Erik’s eye level, with her
head tilted downward, but looking up at him with a pair of "come fuck me
eyes." The red of the curtains provided the background to Erik’s view of
Lara, as they both eye-fucked each other. "I promise that I’ll have all
your money when you’re finished." Erik looked at her intently, and his
heart was beating faster. Erik knew this look well, and it was difficult
to say no to.

"OK," Erik said slowly, mesmerized by the Lola charm that Lara was
channeling. "I’ll set it up for you."

"Great!," Lara said snapping out of the look. "How much longer before
this is done?"

"I’ll work on it tonight and through the weekend," Erik said. "But, I’m
really going to need the money for this soon. Since I’m opening the
accounts now, I’ll have to put it on my credit card, cause I don’t
really have the money to pay for this stuff. Can you pay me for
everything tomorrow?"

"I might not have it until next weekend," Lara said looking away from
Erik. Erik felt like he wanted to help Lara, but he was concerned
because he didn’t have much in his bank account. Erik could always ask
his mom for the money to cover it, but how would he explain this to her?
"Hey mom, I need a couple hundred dollars to pay for hosting and credit
card fees for this website I’m building for this really neat girl that
I’m sort of seeing who happens to be a porn star. But don’t worry mom,
she gives great head!"

"Lara," Erik said trying to engage Lara seriously. "I really can’t be
paying this much money on my credit card without having the money to
back it up. I’m really going to need it tomorrow."

Lara looked at Erik. "If you can finish it up this weekend," Lara
started. "Then, I’ll have people that sign up this weekend And then, I
can pay you."

To Lara, it was that simple: Website = money from her customers. Erik
wasn’t so sure, but at this point, he already agreed to foot the bill.
And Lara gave him a way out: finish the website. Erik felt that the
pressure was on him to perform. Erik looked over at the cat who was
still grinning.

"OK," Erik said. "Can I call you Sunday?"

"Sure," Lara said. Then, Lara walked Erik out the door. At the doorway,
Erik felt awkward. He didn’t know how to say goodbye properly.

"See ya," Lara said. Shutting the door, forcing Erik out. Erik stood
there, staring at the door for a moment before turning around and
heading to his next class.

Erik walked to his next class. When he arrived, Jessica was already
there. When Erik sat down, his thoughts were focused on Lara. This was
the first time since first seeing Jessica that he wasn’t staring at her,
thinking about her, or even glancing in her direction. Instead, Erik
kept thinking about Lara. Erik felt like he had a connection with Lara,
and she just didn’t realize it yet.

"There’s definitely something there," Erik thought. "I mean why else
does she act like she wants me. I mean, she could be using me. That
could be happening. But I don’t think so. I think she really likes being
around me, but she’s scared. Yeah, that’s it. She's so used to having to
control guys that are just trying to fuck her that she doesn’t know what
to do when someone is actually trying to be nice to her. I can do this.
I can win her over. Yeah..."

Erik’s daily daydreams during class shifted over to Lara. The two were
talking, playing video games, having sex, eating dinner, and just
enjoying each other’s time. It’s as if Jessica was removed out of Erik’s
thoughts and replaced by Lara. Erik had a smile on his face all through
class.

After class, Erik rode the bus back to the dorms. He went to the
cafeteria and ate dinner alone. Then he went back to his room, put on
his headphones and got back to work. There were some knocks at the door,
and Erik knew it was probably Bret and Steve, but he decided to ignore
them. Erik felt he had more important things to do right now.

Erik set up the hosting account and migrated to the website. Erik set up
the payment account and integrated the website into it. He tested
everything out, and it was working exactly the way it should. Now, he
just needed to fix some small problems that came up along the way. It
was 4 AM now, and the sun was coming up. "At least it’s almost done
now," Erik said. Erik couldn’t stand, or think, or do anything anymore.
He collapsed on his bed and fell asleep.

Erik awoke 6 hours later. It was 10 AM now, and he was starving. He went
downstairs to eat breakfast in the cafeteria. Bret saw him and gestured
to Erik to sit with him.

"So where the fuck were you last night?" Bret asked.

"I was working," Erik said defensively, not feeling like he needed to
answer to Bret.

"Working?" Bret asked. "On a Friday night?"

"Yeah," Erik confirmed.

"Why?" Bret asked.

"Because," Erik responded. "I’m on a... deadline. I need to finish
something by the end of this weekend."

"Sounds fun," Bret said condescendingly.

"What did you do last night?" Erik asked.

"Same shit," Bret said. "Games and weed. Some weird dark, or darkling
shooter, mob game. It was strange but cool. We came looking for you."

"Where’s Steve?" Erik asked.

"Don’t know," Bret said. "That fucker passed out on my bed and pissed
himself last night. I fucking punched him so hard in the gut that he
puked on my floor. Then I kicked his ass out of my room. It took an hour
to change my sheets and clean up the floor. Fucking asshole. If I see
him this morning, I’ll fucking kick the shit out of him."

Erik was laughing.

"What’s so funny?" Bret asked.

Erik shook his head and stopped laughing. "Nothing," Erik said. "I
should get back to work."

"You are so fucking boring," Bret said. "Go back to work. Get the fuck
out of here."

Erik went back to his room and resumed work on Lara’s website. Erik
worked all day into the night. Erik set up a calendar on the site for
members to book private cam sessions. The members would pay a premium
that Lara could adjust whenever or however she wanted. Then, the members
could see an open slot and book Lara for that time. Then, they would
enter their Internet Video Chat Service IDs so Lara could invite them to
a private session at that time.

The website was now everything that Lara wanted. Erik worked on this all
week long for 8 hours a day. With the all-nighter on Friday and Saturday
night, Erik had spent about 60 hours creating this website for Lara.
Erik decided to back up the entire thing to a USB drive and put it in
his desk drawer, just in case she did something careless and deleted the
whole thing.

It was now 3 AM Sunday morning, and Erik was exhausted after another
long night of working on the website. Erik shot Lara a text. "Your
website is done," it said. Erik followed it with another text that
contained the link to the URL. Then he passed out on his bed.
