Chapter 9
=========

<br />

Lara sat at the desk controlling the mouse on her laptop as Erik
directed her throughout the new website, answering all of Lara's
questions. Every time Erik started showing her a new piece of
functionality, Lara's eyes lit up with excitement. She was amazed by all
these new features that were now available to her. The feature list kept
growing as she frantically scribbled small details into a notebook. She
kept asking questions and pulling as much information from Erik as she
could.

Lara's brain was a sponge, and she soaked up all the information that
she could. After Lara felt like she had a good understanding of
everything, she wanted to test it out. She posted a new still frame shot
from last night's cam session. Erik had her create a new post with the
title "Hello World!" and the description said, "How you like me now?".

After Erik answered all of Lara's questions, Lara walked Erik to the
front door, trying to push him out as fast as she could so she could
continue exploring on her own.

"Bye," Erik said leaning in to kiss her on the cheek. Lara leaned
backward and looked at him strangely.

"What did I tell you about that shit?" Lara said. Erik leaned back.

"Uh, yeah, right...," he said. "I forgot. Can I give you a hug?"

"O... K...," Lara said eyeing him strangely. Erik and Lara shared an
awkward hug.

"Bye," Erik said, and he walked out the door.

Erik was walking back to the dorm from Lara’s. "Are we dating?" he
thought. "Are we together? Is she using me? What the hell is this? She
acts really strange until she needs something. Then, she flips a switch
in her head and ‘Lola the pornstar’ appears to fuck her way out of the
situation. And then, that’s it. She wants nothing else to do with me.
Naw... That’s not right. She’s just trying... to... Fuck... I... I just
don’t know."

Erik’s confusion continued as he walked back to the dorms. When Erik
returned to his room, he didn’t know what to do. Erik decided to visit
Lara’s website and saw that she was adding a bunch of new content: new
videos, new images, and more. "She only gave me some of her stuff," Erik
thought. "I thought she gave me everything." All of the videos were solo
masturbation and striptease clips. Erik watched the new videos, during
which he masturbated three separate times. Then, Erik noticed that the
private cam session time slots were available for reserve and some of
the slots were already booked. "Shit, she wasn’t kidding," Erik thought.
"She must have some dedicated customers."

The more that Erik navigated around the updates, the more he became a
nervous wreck. Erik couldn’t get Lara out of his head. He spent the
entire past week working on her website, watching her videos, and trying
to build something for her, maybe even "with her." Now, that she didn’t
"need him," he felt like he was no longer special to her if he even was
special to her, to begin with. Erik stood up and began pacing in his
room. He wanted another chance with Lara. "Maybe if I just don’t kiss
her, this could work out?" Erik thought. Erik’s thoughts kept leading
him down irrational paths. Finally, Erik decided to text her. "I love
the new videos!" Erik texted to Lara. He sat by his phone, eagerly
waiting for a response. But nothing came back.

"Maybe her phone is in the other room or something," Erik thought. Erik
sat there looking at his phone. Finally, the phone rang. Erik’s heart
raced as he fumbled with the phone and dropped it on the floor. He
picked it up and tensed up as he looked at the screen. Then, he let out
a sigh, shrinking down. Erik swiped the screen to answer it and brought
the phone to his ear. "Hi mom," Erik said.

"Hi honey!" Erik’s mom said on the other line. "How’s school!?"

"It’s... interesting," Erik responded.

"Well that’s good. Did you meet any new people?"

Erik paused. "Yeah," he said. "A few."

"Did you meet any cute girls?"

"Mom," Erik said shortly. "Wha... What’s going on? What do you need?"

"Oh calm down. I’m just teasing you. I just wanted to see how school was
going and if you needed anything."

"No mom," Erik responded. "I’m fine. I’ve been busy with class, so...
yeah... things are fine."

"OK," Erik’s mom said. "Well... We miss you, and I hope you come back
home soon to visit."

"I will mom," Erik said. "I’m just trying to figure things out and
everything." Erik was starting to get anxious. He didn’t want to tie up
the phone line in case Lara decided to call him. Erik tried to make his
responses as short as possible.

"I know dear," Erik’s mom said. "We just..." She started to sob on the
phone. "My boy is growing up."

"Fuck," Erik thought. "Here we go."

"And it’s hitting me now," Erik’s mom continued.

"Mom," Erik responded. "It hit you for a month before I left. And during
Prom, Finals week, Spring break, Christmas vacation..."

"BUT NOW IT’S REAL!!!," Erik’s mom began balling her eyes out on the
phone. Erik’s free hand facepalmed his forehead, preparing for a long
tear-filled conversation with his mother about how he’s growing up and
she’s losing her little boy.

Erik shook his head in his hand waiting to hear an opening in the
constant sobbing so he could get a word in.

"Ma... Mom... Mom!," Erik said even louder.

"WHAT!," Erik’s mom said frantically in the phone.

"I’m not dead mom. I’m just... at college."

Two hours later, Erik was finally able to calm his mother down enough to
get her off the phone. Just then, there was a knock at the door.
"Lara?!," Erik thought. Erik rushed to the door and swung it open. It
was Bret and Steve. Erik’s tenseness went down again as he saw the two
of them at the door.

"Food," Bret said.

"Food?" Erik asked.

"Food," Bret said.

Erik nodded. "Food," Erik said.

It was now dinner time on Sunday night. They all took the elevator
downstairs and went to the cafeteria. They walked through the line,
received a tray of food and then walked over to a table and sat down.
Bret and Steve began eating. Erik looked down at his food and lost
himself. He was staring down, trying to find the answers to life while
gazing at reheated cafeteria food.

Bret stops and studies Erik for a moment. "What the fuck is going on
man?" Bret finally says. Erik looks up at him. "Nothing," Erik responds.
Erik takes a small bite of his food, ignoring Bret.

"You look depressed," Steve says sincerely. Erik looks at Steve who is
staring back at him with a genuinely concerned look on his face. Erik
stared back at him. The two just looked at each other. Finally, Erik
broke the silence. "What?" Erik asked.

"I said, you look depressed," Steve says again. Erik looks at Bret, who
is also looking at Erik with a solemn look on his face.

"What is happening here?" Erik said. Bret and Steve look at each other
confused and then look back at Erik.

"What?" Steve says.

"You’re talking," Erik responded, looking at Steve in amazement. "What’s
wrong?" Steve smiles slightly.

"I’m fine," Steve says.

"Yeah man," Bret cuts him off. "He’s fine. You’re fucked up. You look
like someone cut your nuts off, ground them up and now you’re being
forced to eat them."

Erik looked at Bret. "Dude," Erik said. "Fuck you."

"Fuck me?" Bret said with a slightly surprised look on his face. "Mwa?
... What the fuck did I do to you?"

"All you talk about is how I’m not doing this or that, or how I should
be doing something I’m not," Erik responds, raising his voice. "Then,
it’s 'Fuck this' or 'Fuck that.' I’m not like you. I’m just a fucking
computer nerd who sits inside all day and plays video games. I don’t
talk to girls. I don’t even know how. I don’t do shit like you do. I’m
not even sure what the fuck it is you do." Erik was now red in the face.

Bret sat there looking at Erik with a straight face. Erik was winded,
breathing heavily to calm himself down. After a few seconds, Bret began
laughing at Erik.

"What?" Erik shot to him. "What’s so funny?"

"You," Bret said through the laughter. "You, man. You need to calm the
fuck down. I talk a lot of shit to poke fun and make people laugh, but
you’re taking shit WAY too seriously."

Erik’s skin color on his face had completed its transition from red back
to white.

"But seriously man," Bret started in again. "You look like shit. What’s
going on?"

"Yeah, what’s up?" Steve followed up. Erik looked over at Steve again
with an awkward look.

"I don’t want to talk about it," Erik responded.

"Alright," Steve said. "But you shouldn’t hold that kind of stuff in.
It’s not good for you."

"What the fuck Steve?" Erik shot back.

"What?" Steve asked. "What did I say?"

"This is the most amount of words I’ve heard you say since I met you
last week," Erik started raising his voice again. "You’ve been stumbling
around, high as a kite for a fucking week and now you’re going to give
me fucking life advice? What the fuck do you all day anyway?"

Steve stared at Erik. "Right now?" Steve responded. "Not much."

"Alright then," Erik said, looking like he wanted to say something else,
but was tongue-tied. Erik kept on opening his mouth trying to say
something but kept stopping himself.

"And?" Bret asked.

"Shut up," Erik shot back at Bret. "I gotta get the fuck out of here. I
can’t handle this shit."

Erik got up from the table and walked away. Bret and Steve watched Erik
leave.

"He’s fucked up," Steve said.

"Yeah," Bret responded. "Aren’t we all..."

"Yep," Steve said and continued eating.
