Chapter 11
==========

<br />

"Fuck," Erik said to himself.

"How the fuck did I get so bad at this," he thought. "This is fucking
crazy..." GAB was one of Erik’s best stress relievers. And now, it
caused him even more stress than what he was already feeling.

Erik felt horrible. He felt like his day couldn’t get any shittier. He
needed a "pick-me-up," so he walked over to his computer and immersed
himself in Lara’s new videos. Before he knew it, he was sitting naked on
his chair masturbating furiously. After five orgasms infused with
moments of staring at his phone while typing in messages to Lara and
then deleting them without sending, which then led to fits of anger
where he would throw things and cry, Erik was now exhausted. Erik rolled
into his bed and fell asleep.

The next morning, Erik slowly awoke, showered, and went to class. He sat
in class, completely zoned out. He would stare at the front of the
class, or into his book, completely drained of all emotion and rational
thought. Erik looked like he was a shell of himself. Class ended and
Erik resumed his day on autopilot, letting his routine take over and
dictate all of his actions. Erik rode the bus back to the dorms, and
then he walked to his room.

Erik sat down at his computer and saw even more material uploaded to
Lara’s website. Erik perked up and became excited. He began watching the
new content. Again, Erik shed himself of his clothing and began
masturbating. Each time he came, he would be filled with thoughts of
deep emotion for Lara, resembling love and lust. After seven times, Erik
felt like he couldn’t do this anymore and put his clothes back on. Erik
checked his phone like he had every 5 minutes since he left Lara’s the
day before. No response from Lara. Erik still had 2 hours before class,
so he took a nap.

Erik woke up and walked to the bus stop for his next class. Again,
Erik’s mind was focused on Lara. He couldn’t think of anything else.
Erik sat through class and let his routine take him over again so that
he didn’t need to think. On cruise control, he sat through class until
it ended, rode the bus back to the dorm, and headed to the cafeteria for
dinner. Erik took the food up to his room, avoiding as many people as he
could. He drowned himself in crappy cafeteria food, Lara’s porn, and
video games. He was alone and unhappy.

This continued all week long. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
were all the same. Erik ran through the exact same routine, avoiding as
many people as he could to sit in his room and wallow in his own
self-pity. As time went on, Erik became even more numb to the world.
Every day, he waited for a response from Lara and every day that went by
without one was another day he spent lusting over her alter ego, Lola
the pornstar.

The only deviation to his zombified routine was his Wednesday night
practice with "Prodigy". Roge introduced "Dragonstone", "Drags" for
short. Roge said that this was his cousin and he’ll be joining the team
as an alternate.

"Drags just got GAB for his birthday," Roge said. "He’s another COD
defector, but he’s played on teams in several other FPS games."

"Well, welcome to the gift of gab," Case said. This was a common cheezy
expression that was used whenever someone discovered the game for the
first time.

"Drags will watch this practice," Roge said. "He’s going to need to
learn the game and the team," Roge said. "Today, we start with our last
epic failure on Sunday. I’ll roll the video and stop it for comments."

Each time Roge stopped the video, it was to point out something that
Erik did wrong. The practice lasted 2 hours when it usually would only
last 30 minutes. After a usual 30 minute practice, the team would "hit
the pubs" which meant that they would play regular multiplayer matches
with random people. As a team playing randoms, they would always
dominate. That’s where Erik felt like a god amongst ants.

To Erik, GAB was the best first-person shooter game on the market. They
had ported it to all the major platforms that supported the requirements
and the development studio for the game set up a major E-Sports
contingent for competitive multiplayer gameplay. In high school, Erik
spent a significant portion of his spare time playing GAB and becoming
very skilled at the game. Playing GAB was one of the things that Erik
enjoyed most. And playing with his fellow teammates made the game even
more fun

But, after 2 hours of being told what he did wrong on Sunday, Erik felt
even worse than he did before he started playing. He logged off after
practice and decided he needed to restore himself. He logged on to
Lara’s website and watched her "Dirty talk" video. This video featured a
man who held a camera and stayed silent as Lara "talked dirty" to him
while giving the man a blowjob. Eventually, the man was standing still
while Lara backed into him and jumped up and down on his cock. She would
yell things at him like "Fuck me harder!", and "Oh this fucking cock
feels so fucking good". She continued talking dirty until she eventually
stopped fucking him, went to her knees and continued talking dirty while
the man came all over her face. At this point, Erik came all over
himself. Erik cleaned himself up, closed his laptop lid and went to bed.

By the end of the week, he would see Lara everywhere. Anywhere he went,
everyone looked like Lara. Erik’s hallucinations drove his psychosis
into a deeper obsession where he would write letters to Lara in class
and then, in Erik’s mind, he would act out reading the letter to her in
person. Except, it was the same letter that Erik wrote and rewrote over
and over again, never feeling like the words came out correctly. He
almost had the entire message memorized, and each revision offered no
new substance. Yet, to Erik, he still didn’t feel like it was "good
enough."

Then finally, on Friday evening when Erik was in the cafeteria, he saw
Bret sitting at a table right outside of the food line. He looked at
Bret and Bret looked back. Their eyes locked, but neither of them made
any indication of acknowledgment of the other. And then, Erik walked
over to where Bret was sitting. Erik stopped at the table, both of them
still looking at each other.

"Can I sit here?" Erik asked.

"If you want," Bret responded.

Erik sat down. Bret was the first person that Erik had spoken to, in
real life, throughout the past five days, and it was also the last
person before Erik avoided everyone. Erik remembered how their last
conversation ended and felt bad that he stormed off like he did. And
now, he felt like he needed someone to talk to.

"I’m sorry," Erik said.

"For what?" Bret asked.

"For last weekend," Erik said. "I’ve been... Kinda fucked in the head.
And I’m not sure what to do."

"Don’t worry about," Bret said. "We all have shit going on."

Erik couldn’t take it anymore. He needed another opinion about his
situation with Lara. "If I tell him, he’s going to want to see her
website... and everything," Erik thought. "Fuck it, who else am I going
to talk to about it?"

"I need to tell you some things, but I don’t want Steve to know," Erik
said with a serious tone.

"Are you gay?" Bret asked. "Is this your way of coming out to your
friends, over cheap pizza in a cafeteria? It’s OK man, I always kinda
knew. We support you, we hope the best for you..."

"Asshole," Erik stopped him. "I need help about a girl."

"Go on," Bret said.

"That website I’ve been building," Erik continued. "It’s for this girl
I’ve kind of been seeing."

"Kind of been seeing?" Bret asked. "Sounds special. Have you kinda been
fucking?"

"Yeah," Erik said quickly and softly.

"Oh," Bret said intrigued. "Now I get it. Keep going..."

Erik told Bret the whole story, how he met Lara, building the website,
how she acts whenever things get intimate. Everything. The conversation
continued from the cafeteria up to Erik’s room. At the end, Bret had
lots of questions for Erik.

"OK," Bret started excitedly. "This is the best fucking story I’ve ever
heard. I need to see this website you created, like right fucking now."

Erik loaded the website into a web browser and logged in.

"Wait," Bret said. "You didn’t fuck this girl on camera did you?"

"No," Erik responded.

"Oh good," Bret said. "I’m not sure I’m ready to see your dick yet, and
I don’t want to have that awkward conversation about boundaries. Whew...
Dodged a bullet there. OK, so quick question. Have you fucked her in the
ass?"

"What?" Erik asked confused.

"Because I’ve always wondered if you fuck a porn star in the ass, it
probably just feels like a pussy cause of all the guys that have
stretched that shit out before you."

Erik stared at Bret. "Are you going to help me or not?" Erik asked.

"I am helping you," Bret said.

"No, you’re not," Erik asked. "You’re fucking with me." Erik was getting
angry.

"Alright look, if she’s good at fake fucking, then she’s a good
actress," Bret continued. "That will tell you if she’s fucking with you
or not."

"What?" Erik said. "What the fuck does that even mean?."

"If she’s good at playing up for the cameras," Bret started, "then she
is totally playing you too. If not, then maybe you have a chance at
something with her."

In some strange way, Erik saw the logic in Bret’s crude wisdom.

Erik started a video on his laptop.

"God bless the internet," Bret said under his breath. Erik shot Bret a
look of disdain. Bret looked back at Erik and said, "You know, just...
in general..." Bret and Erik looked back at the screen and continued
watching the video.

Bret watched a few videos with Erik. They skipped around to various
points in the videos, concentrating on how Lara acted and reacted to the
multiple activities. Bret made the same observations that Erik had made
in the past, where the older videos show a much shyer and inexperienced
girl, while the newer videos depicted a porn star with confidence and
control of the experience. Lara had added a section called "Threesome"
and the first video posted was titled "A Free Ride." It featured a
younger looking Lara and another woman that Erik identified as "Spanking
Sami" that Lara had shown to Erik before. The third character was a man
that Erik didn’t know. The three drove in a car to an open field, and
the man began to have sex with Lara. Lara didn't do much. Eventually,
Sami came into view and started to undress. They skipped to the end
where Lara was giving the man a blowjob. It was simple and to the point.
Afterward, everyone dressed and then reentered the card to leave.

The most recent video in the "Threesome" tag was called "Free Riding",
which showed Lara (in full Lola makeup) with two very athletic looking
men in Lara’s apartment. Lola was being thrown around and put in all
kinds of positions everywhere in the room. The two men held her upside
down while one of the men was eating her out and Lola was performing a
blowjob on the other man. Then, Lola was lowered back to the ground. She
jumped on the man that she was blowing and wrapped her legs around him.
The two were having sex while he was standing. The other man walked up
behind Lola and held her while he began having anal sex with her. The
three continued having standing sex with Lola being double penetrated by
the two men. All the while, Lola was screaming and moaning in delight,
looking like she was having the time of her life.

"I don’t know man," Bret started to say. "But, I think she’s playing
you."

"Why?" Erik asked.

"Look at this shit," Bret said pointing at the screen. "The pouty lips.
The come fuck me eyes. The light touch of her face while she plays with
her hair. She’s practically eye-fucking the camera and the guy sitting
behind the screen in all of these videos. She has control of everything,
and she’s good at it."

"Damn," Erik said.

"I bet she looks at you like this every time she wants you to do
something," Bret said.

"Yeah," Erik responded. "She does. It’s hard to say no."

"I bet it is," Bret said. "I couldn’t say no to that. I'd straight up
kill a mother fucker if that chick asked me, looking like that.." Erik
eyed him suspiciously.

"It's an expression," Bret continued. "Like, I'd kill for a good
sandwich right now. Well, I'd kill to get fucked by her looking like
that... But, if I were you, I’d get your money... like now... Because I
think all the sex, it’s about to stop."

"Fuck," Erik thought. "I was really hoping I was wrong about this."

Bret looked around Erik’s room. There was hardened food wrappers, the
garbage was overflowing, and there was crumpled up tissue all over the
desk.

"Alright," Bret started. "Now, that we’re done with that, you need to
clean this fucking place, like now. It smells like the inside of a
sweaty, diarrhea cum dumpster in here. I mean really... How the fuck did
you manage to run a mile in a diaper, wipe your ass, jerk off into it,
and then fan it around the room like this? It’s so fucking disgusting
it’s almost impressive. Almost..." Bret looked around the room shaking
his head. Then, Bret turned around and went to open the window. "First,
let’s air this shit out for a while," Bret said. He reached out, then he
stopped and looked at Erik. "You didn’t cum on the window did you?" Bret
asked.

"No," Erik said looking at Bret strangely.

Bret reached into his pocket and pulled out a napkin. "Just in case," he
said to himself as he opened the window. Erik continued to look at Bret
suspiciously. Then, Bret threw the tissue into the garbage can which
bounced out since there was no room left. Bret just shook his head.

"I’ll tell you what," Bret said. "You and I are hanging out tonight."
Erik looked down and began shaking his head no with an uncomfortable
look on his face.

"No, asshole," Bret said. "Look at me." Erik looked up at Bret. "You are
going to stop acting like a beaten down pussy and start acting like a
person again. You can’t live like this. Serial killers and rapists don't
even live like this. You’re living in like, your own fucked up
degenerate class. Now, clean your fucking room up, clean yourself up,
cause you look like shit, and come by my room in another hour or 2 when
you’re all done. I got some good shit that’ll erase your mind of
anything and leave you feeling mellow as hell. Just what the doctor
ordered."

"I don’t think getting fucked up is the right thing for me right now,"
Erik said sheepishly.

"Good," Bret responded. "More for me then. You can watch me. 8 o’clock,
come by my room. Got it?"

"Got it," Erik said. Bret left, and Erik started to clean up his room.
Then, Bret stuck his head through the door. "Oh, one more thing," Bret
said. "Get a new mouse. A mouse shouldn’t have a fucking layer of
shitty, semen crud over it like that." Erik felt embarrassed that there
might be cum on the mouse from the last time he jerked off. Erik quickly
looked over at the wireless mouse on his desk next to the laptop and
noticed that the two buttons had looked worn down as if the paint or
plastic was rubbing off. Bret’s head slipped back through the door and
out of sight.

"It’s just worn out!" Erik yelled.

Bret’s head came back through the door. "No it’s not," Bret said.
"That’s some sick filthy shit on there. Take your washcloth, wet it and
rub it on the mouse." To prove Bret wrong, Erik took his washcloth,
licked it and then rubbed it on the mouse. Some of the grime was
removed.

"See? Now, go burn that rag and get a new mouse," Bret said sliding back
through the door and walking back to his room.

"Shit," Erik said. "That is disgusting."

"You fucking savage!" Bret yells out from a distance.

Erik picks up the mouse and throws it in the garbage can.
