Chapter 13
==========

<br />

Erik awoke the next morning to the feeling of his firm erection. His
hand was busy, switching between caressing his dick or holding it firmly
in place. After a few minutes of this activity, which gradually brought
him back to consciousness, he realized that he needed to take care of
himself. Erik threw off the sheet with his arm revealing his already
naked body, with the exception of his socks. Erik stood up and walked to
his desk. He sat down, started a porn video and jerked off. Erik came
quickly, and after he cleaned himself off, he grabbed his phone. Erik
pressed the button, revealing that it was Saturday morning. There was an
email from Lara with the subject "HELP," and Erik remembered that he
blocked her calls and texts last night. He unblocked Lara and saw that
she left him several text messages. The last one said, "Just cum here,
and I’ll give you whatever you want."

"What the fuck?" Erik thought. "What the hell is this about?" All the
other messages were asking for Erik to contact her. "Call me," "I need
to talk to you," "Don’t Ignore me, I need you.," and there were several
more. The first one said: "I NEED YOUR HELP RIGHT NOW!!!"

"Did she finally come to her senses?" Erik thought. "Do we have a chance
together?" Erik showered and went to the cafeteria to grab some food
before he walked to Lara’s apartment. When he arrived at Lara’s front
door, Erik knocked, and the door swung open, quickly. Lara pulled him in
and slammed the door behind him.

"What do you want?" Lara asked.

"Umm, you told me to come over," Erik responded.

"And you’re here," Lara said. "Now, what do you want?"

"I don’t kn...," Erik started.

"Name it," Lara said.

"What are we ta...," Erik started again.

"Do you want to put it in my ass?" Lara cut him off. "Is that what you
want?"

Erik froze. His mind went completely blank. "Oh god yes I do," Erik
thought. Erik’s face went red hot, and his heart was pounding. He took a
deep breath to ground himself.

"Lara," Erik said. "I really like you."

"I know," Lara said. "Now, tell me what you need."

The mere suggestion of fucking Lara in the ass started to get his dick
hard. Erik became horny, confused, and even light-headed. "What do you
mean?" Erik asked.

"I mean," Lara said slowly walking toward him with a deep gaze. "If this
is what you need, fuck me in the ass, as hard... and as fast... as you
want." She grabbed his cock on the outside of his cargo shorts. With the
change in Lara’s tone of voice, her close proximity to him, and now her
hand firmly wrapped around his cock on the outside of Erik’s shorts,
Erik was now rock hard. His tense body melted like putty in her hands.

"I think I have my answer," Lara said teasingly.

"I want you, Lara," Erik said with a gulp. "I mean... I just... I want
to be with you."

"You’re with me now," Lara said unbuckling his belt. Lara unzipped
Erik’s shorts and they started to fall down. She put her finger to his
mouth and stuck it inside. Erik was confused but followed her direction,
licking the finger. Lara removed the finger from her mouth and moved her
hand down the back of her pants and began to stick it up her ass. Erik’s
eyes opened wide, and he looked like a kid on Christmas.

"Go in my bathroom, and get the lube," Lara said. "It’s in the right
medicine cabinet on the bottom shelf." Erik walked backward and tripped
on his falling shorts. He stumbled to his feet and scurried to the
bathroom, falling once more at the entryway. Lara pulled down her pants
and took off her shirt. Then she got on her hands and knees on the bed
in doggy style and continued to finger her asshole.

Erik found the lube and ran back out into the bedroom. He ripped off his
clothes and squirted lube all over Lara’s ass. It was running down her
cheeks and crack like water coming down a hill. The lube began to drip
below on the bed. "That’s way too much," she said with a small laugh.
Erik grabbed his shirt and wiped off the excess from Lara’s ass and
pussy.

"Wait," Erik thought. "Shouldn’t I get a condom? But, she isn’t going to
get pregnant from ass fucking. Still, I really should..."

Lara used the lube to insert two fingers and then three. Erik watched
her prepare herself for him, and he threw the shirt down on the floor.
"Oh fuck she’s hot," Erik thought. "Oh shit, what do I do?" Erik’s eyes
were looking around all over for a condom. Lara removed her fingers from
her tight asshole, showing Erik that she was ready to take him. "Fuck
it," he thought. He was just about to squirt some lube on his dick when
he noticed a red condom on the bed to the left of Lara.

"Where did that come from?" Erik thought. Erik grabbed the condom and
tried to open it, but his hands were too slick from the lube. He was
struggling to tear open the packaging. Lara looked behind her to see
what he was doing. She turned around, and took the condom from his hand.
She put the edge of the package to her mouth and tore it open with her
teeth. Then, she took the condom out of the package and put it on Erik.
"I love you," Erik said again to himself, as she slid the condom down
the base of his dick. She turned back around and waited for him to
start.

Erik squirted some lube on his dick over the condom and moved his hand
up and down the shaft. He realized that he was dripping lube everywhere.
Again, he picked up his shirt to wipe off the excess. He still had a
bunch of it on his hands, so he wiped it on his chest and thighs. Erik
moved up behind Lara, ready to begin.

Lara grabbed his cock and eased it inside of her. After she got the head
in, she grabbed his ass and moved his body in. Then she looked behind
her, right into his eyes as she started to gyrate her hips and fuck him
slowly.

Erik began to move in and out on his own, and his breathing became
heavy. The warm tightness of Lara’s asshole around his cock was intense,
the most incredible sensation he had ever felt. His heart was pounding,
and he was shaking slightly, trying to keep his head on straight. This
was the first time that Erik had anal sex and he thought this was the
best thing he had ever experienced. He had dreamed about this moment for
years, and now it was finally happening. Erik was moving very slowly,
trying to regulate himself so he wouldn’t lose it too quickly. Lara’s
ass pulled back on him in a way he had never felt before, and he wasn’t
sure how long he could continue without blowing.

Erik’s temptation took control, and he sped up slightly, but quickly
slowed when he felt that it was becoming too much to handle. Lara sensed
this and decided to bounce on him. She backed into him, then forward,
back and forth. Erik grabbed her hips tightly, trying to stop her from
bucking on him. Erik was trying to hold on to this moment for as long as
he could.

Lara stood up on her knees and grabbed Erik’s hands on her hips. She
released his grip on her hips and moved his hands onto her breasts.
Then, she bucked back and forth quickly on Erik’s rock hard cock,
leaning backward and whispering "Cum in my ass Erik." It’s almost as if
Erik obeyed the command because Lara’s words quickly sent Erik over the
edge and he came long and hard in her ass. He buried his head into her
neck and squeezed her tits as he kept pounding and cumming. Then, he
plunged deep inside her, wrapping his arms around her in a bear hug and
holding her tits. Erik pushed into Lara hard and collapsed on top of her
on the bed. Erik held Lara in his arms as his cock pulsed and throbbed
inside her ass. After a few seconds, his breathing began to slow down.
Then, Lara smiled, opened her eyes and moved Erik’s arms off of her.
Erik saw Lara get up and watched her walk into the bathroom.

Erik kept staring at the bathroom entryway, breathing deeply and feeling
incredibly relaxed. He had a smile on his face as he waited patiently
for Lara to emerge from the bathroom. Erik was so relaxed that he could
fall asleep. His eyes began to close. The world seemed to slow down, and
he felt completely fulfilled. The only thing that could make this moment
any better was for Lara to be in his arms right now.

Erik began to open his eyes slightly. The figure caught his attention
and Erik became wide-eyed. There, sitting on the bed staring at him with
a grin on its face was the orange striped cat. Erik’s cloud nine moment
was replaced with a hazy, startled feeling. "What the fuck is up with
this cat?" Erik thought. Behind the cat, Lara walked into the room,
fully clothed.

"OK," she started. "Switch everything over to my account... Now."

Erik was still in a daze, but finally registered Lara’s strange request.
"What?" Erik said sitting up on the bed.

"I need my money," Lara responded. "Take what I owe you and give me a
check for the rest. Then, move everything to my bank account. Here’s the
number." Lara handed him a piece of paper with her bank account
information. The cat scurried off the bed and out of sight.

Erik didn’t know what was happening. He was still light-headed when
suddenly, it hit him, and everything came into crystal clarity. The
payment account for Lara’s website was all created under Erik’s name and
bank account. Erik hadn’t looked at his bank account all week, but since
Lara’s customers kept signing up, he probably had a good chunk of money
in there now. Erik’s expression changed to sadness and grief.

"FUCK!," he thought. "This is what she meant??? I needed to fuck her in
the ass so that she can get her own money from me??? Goddamnit!!! She’s
going to think I’m a fucking asshole now!"

"Lara," Erik started in with a shaky voice, trying to find the right
words to navigate this shitstorm of a situation he just put himself in.
"We didn’t need to do this for me to give you your money."

"What?" Lara asked.

"I didn’t even know I had your money until you said it just now," Erik
continued feeling like he was going to cry. "I really thought that you
and I could make this work."

"What?" Lara asked again.

"You and me," Erik said. "Like, together. A couple."

"Let me get this straight," Lara said. "You didn’t know you had my
money, fucked me in the ass because you thought I wanted to be your
girlfriend, and now you want to try be a couple?"

"Umm, yeah, basically," Erik said. After Lara said it like that, he
thought it was slightly comical and this relieved him. An uneasy smile
appeared on Erik’s face.

Lara looked away, pondering this new information. She shook her head and
had a look of awe on her face. "Huh... I don’t know who’s a bigger
dumbass... me or you," she said looking back at him.

"So, I’ll take that as a yes?" Erik said knowing what the answer was,
but still trying to win over Lara.

Lara glared at him. Erik smiled an uneasy grin at her. Eventually, Lara
smirked slightly. "Just switch everything over."

Erik dressed and walked over to the desk. He switched all of the
accounts over to Lara. She now had total control of the website. Erik
took a backup of the website and stored it on a USB drive and told Lara
to put it in a safe place. Afterwards, she told him that he needed to go
because she had other things to do.

"Lara, I’m serious about us," Erik said. "I think we should be
together."

"Why do you keep saying that?" Lara asked. "What do you mean?"

"I think we should be... like, a couple," Erik said.

"Like you want me to be your girlfriend?" Lara asked.

"Yeah," Erik said.

"You really don’t want this Erik," Lara said. "Trust me."

"I really like you, Lara," Erik said.

"You don’t even know me," Lara said. "I met you two weeks ago having a
smoke outside a store. I sucked your dick and fed you free pizza to work
on my website. That was the most time we’ve spent together."

"Yeah," Erik said defensively. "But, I’ve learned so much about you
since then."

"Like what?" Lara asked. "Like I give blowjobs for free food, I’ll fuck
guys for free shit, and when I’m really desperate, I’ll let them put it
anywhere?"

"There’s more to you then that," Erik said.

"You’re right," Lara said. "And you have no idea what it is."

"But I want to know," Erik said.

"This will never work Erik," Lara said. "I can’t be some dumb girlfriend
who pines over some dickhead guy, hoping that he’s going to do stupid,
sappy romantic shit for me. I’m not like that."

"OK," Erik said. "But I want to get to know you, the real you."

"Not now," Lara said. She opened the door and stood to the side,
indicating that she wanted Erik to leave her apartment.

"I’ll leave," Erik said. "But I’m coming back tomorrow, and we’re going
to hang out."

"Whatever," Lara said. "See you tomorrow, I guess."

Erik left and walked back to his room.

Around dinner time, Bret and Steve stopped over, and the three headed to
the cafeteria for food. After they picked up their trays, they sat down
at a table.

"So, what happened with you and Lexi last night?" Erik asked.

"You know what happened," Bret responded eyeing him suspiciously.

"No I don’t," Erik said. "Why don’t you tell us?"

"There’s nothing to tell," Bret said. "You guys left, we had fun, yadda,
yadda, yadda, and now I’m sitting here with you."

"Yeah, sounds like a lot is missing there," Erik responded. "Did she
spend the night?"

"What the fuck?" Bret said. "Are you five? Are you asking if we had a
fucking sleepover? Are you going to ask me if I tucked her in next?"

"Did you?" Erik asked.

"No... Douchebag...," Bret said. "She left sometime in the night."

"You don’t know?" Erik asked.

"No," Bret said.

"So are you guys like a thing now?" Erik asked.

"Are you this much of a fucking woman about everything?" Bret asked.
Erik shrugged. "No, we aren’t."

"Why not?" Erik asked.

"Me and her just aren’t like that," Bret said.

"Like what?" Erik asked.

"Boyfriend, girlfriend... people...," Bret responded.

"Are you sure?" Erik asked. "Like, did you talk to her about it?"

"No," Bret said. "I don’t ask questions when someone wants to mess
around. And she doesn’t seem the type either."

"I’m confused," Erik said. "So that was just a one-night thing?"

"Maybe," Bret said. "Who knows? Who cares? Move on..."

Steve looked at Erik. "Bret said you were with that girl you’re obsessed
with. What happened there?"

Erik put his head down. "Nothing," he said. "She has a boyfriend."

"That doesn’t mean anything," Steve said. "You know how many girls I’ve
been with that had a boyfriend?" Erik looked at him. "A lot."

"Yeah, well," Erik responded. "She doesn’t seem like that type."

"They are all that type," Steve said. "If you make them that way." Bret
laughed to himself. Erik shook his head and continued to eat his dinner.

After dinner, the three walked outside with Bret as he smoked a
cigarette. Then, they went back to Bret’s room, smoked some weed and
played video games. After some time, Steve and Erik went back to their
rooms for the night. Erik got ready for bed and went to sleep.

Sunday, Erik woke up, watched porn, jerked off, showered, ate breakfast,
and did some homework. After lunch, he went to Lara’s. She let him in
and sat at the computer while Erik sat on her couch.

"So," Erik said. "What do you like to do for fun?"

"Masturbate," Lara responded still working on her computer.

"Oh," Erik said letting his guard down at the kinky response. "Me too!"

"I know," Lara said.

"What?" Erik responded.

"I used that website user tracker plugin you told me about," Lara said.
"I can see when everyone comes to my site and what they look at. Your
‘test account.'" Lara made quotes in the air while saying it. "Was on my
site every morning, afternoon, and night since the site has been up. You
watch the anal videos mostly. And, it looks like you jerk off at least
three times a day."

Erik was stunned. He was staring at Lara realizing that she completely
described his sexual interests and patterns just by the history she
grabbed over the course of the past week.

Lara looked at Erik. "You are by far the busiest customer on my website
right now."

"Is that all I am to you?" Erik asked. "Your customer?"

"Did I ever make you pay for it?" Lara responded.

"No," Erik said. "But you thought you were trading sex for work. That
basically means you were selling it to me."

"Erik," Lara said. "I paid you to make something for me, and I made you
feel special for it. Who is the customer and who is the salesman?"

"So is that what you think of me?" Erik asked. "I’m just some sales guy
who used you to get what he wanted?"

"Jesus, you are making this out to be more than what it is," Lara said.
"I needed something, and I bought it from you. You needed something, and
I traded it to you. This," Lara motioned to Erik and herself, "is
working just fine. Why are you trying to complicate it?"

"Why can’t you admit that there might be something else there?" Erik
asked. "Something more than just some... business arrangement?"

"I don’t know what you want from me Erik," Lara said. "But this is what
I can give you right now. And, I’ve got shit to do. So if you aren’t
going to help me, then you need to leave." Lara turned back toward her
computer.

Erik stared at Lara for a second. Then, he realized that it’s going to
take a long time to win her over, but he felt that he was ready for the
task.

"What do you need me to do?" Erik asked.

"I have a new customer who wants a private film where I get fucked in
the ass while I scream his name the whole time," Lara says. She turned
toward Erik. "And since I know how much you love my ass, wanna do it?"

Erik’s expression changed. "I can’t do that."

"I’ll pay you," Lara said.

"No," Erik responded. "I can’t do that, I’m sorry."

"Why not?" Lara said. "You’ve got a big enough dick. It’s not like
you’re packing something small down there."

"I can’t go on camera and fuck someone for the whole internet to see,"
Erik said. "I... I just can’t do that. I’m sorry."

Lara turned around, back toward her computer. "Alright, well if you want
to help me you can follow me around with the camera. There are some
other videos people want me to make."

"Like what?" Erik asked.

Lara turns back toward him. "Another guy wants me to put on a private
striptease show. Guys like it when the camera moves with me, so it looks
more real. If I have it sitting on a tripod, they don’t like it as
much."

"I can do that," Erik said.

"Great!," Lara said. "Get the camera ready." Lara stood up and walked to
the bathroom. After 20 minutes she walked out with her hair and face
made up, wearing a dark red bathrobe.

"You look amazing," Erik said.

"Thanks," Lara said. "Now stand over there. I’m going to start here and
crawl toward you. The camera is hooked up to the TV behind me so you can
look at the camera screen and the TV to make sure the picture looks good
and I stay in frame. I’ll crawl up to you and do my thing. Keep the
camera on me, that’s the only thing you need to do. You got it?"

"Got it!" Erik said giving her a thumbs up with a smile.

"OK cowboy," Lara said. "Put that away and let’s get to work." Erik
looked at his hand and felt like a dork. He then focused on the camera
and prepared to begin filming.

Lara took off the bathrobe and let it drop to the ground, completing her
transformation into Lola. She stood there, completely naked. Erik hit
record and gave Lola the signal that he was ready, as he was staring at
Lola through the camera. Erik’s heart started to beat faster at the site
of Lola naked, right in front of him.

Lola slowly crawled toward the camera and then sat up on her knees.
Next, she turned around and went down on all fours with her face down,
ass up and ran her hands over her ass and pussy. Then, she turned her
body, butt, and elbows back on the ground. One leg went up, behind her
head, and her hand slowly slid down her belly to finger her pussy, while
the other supported her weight.

Then, she brought both legs down back into a kneeling position in front
of Erik.

Erik was struggling to concentrate but kept on filming her as
instructed. Lola moved closer to Erik until she was right underneath
him. Lola’s hands went around Erik’s thighs and up to his stomach and
chest. Then, she unzips his pants.

"Wait," he whispers. She looks up at him with her devious smile.

"I can’t do this," Erik says.

"Oh yes you can," Lola said. She pulled down his pants. He was beginning
to move back, but she held him close.

Erik didn’t want to be in Lola’s porn. Erik had a long time fantasy
about being a porn star and fucking on camera, but he felt too insecure
about himself. Now, that fantasy was being tapped into, and he had a
slight desire for this to continue.

"No, I have to stop. I can’t do this," Erik thought.

Lola pulled up his shirt, so his cock was in view of the camera. Then,
Lola swallowed it up quickly before Erik could resist again.

At this point, Erik was living yet another fantasy with Lola that he
didn’t want to end, regardless of his insecurities.

"Stop," he thought but didn’t say it out loud. His mind kept racing.
"No, wait... I can do this. Just keep the camera down, don’t say
anything, no one will ever know."

Lola was furiously moving her head. Erik’s breathing was getting very
heavy, and Lola knew she needed to slow her pace to keep this going a
bit longer. She withdrew him from her mouth and sucked on his balls. She
licked all over the sack and in between his legs as she cradled his cock
in her hand. After she finished, she licked up and down his shaft. Then,
she said, "I want you to cum on my face."

Erik did not need to be told twice. She started back on him with her
mouth. It only took a moment for Erik to feel as though he was about to
push past the brink. Erik was too close to try and prolong the
inevitable. So he said, "OK!." She pulled his cock out, lowered herself
with her neck arched back and kept her mouth open. The first shot
completely arched over her mouth onto her eyebrow and dripped down onto
the top of her nose. The second streamed over her mouth onto her upper
lip, below her nose and dripped down into her mouth. The third landed on
her tongue, and the rest dripped out onto her chin. She curled her
tongue back into her mouth, pushing the cum down her lips. She opened
her eyes and smiled at him. She took him into her mouth again and sucked
off the cum that streamed down onto his shaft, pushing it down her mouth
again. Her mouth, lips, and chin were dripping with cum. Then she gave
the camera her trademark wink and smirk, held her stance for 3 seconds
and then said, "And that’s a wrap."
