Chapter 17
==========

<br />

Erik and Jessica studied all afternoon but took a break to eat lunch.
They returned to the library after lunch and continued studying. Later
on in the day, they left for Math class together but agreed to have
dinner on campus and then go back to the library to study more. Erik
liked spending time with Jessica. He felt very relaxed with her, and she
felt comfortable with him. Erik viewed Jessica as his friend, his very
hot friend.

Erik and Jessica studied late into the night. Afterward, Jessica felt
like she had a solid understanding of the material. Erik thought that
the refresher for his Math class was helpful, even though he knew he was
going to pass the test without it. With the extra help that Erik
provided to Jessica, it brought all the material to the front of his
mind, and now he was confident that he was going to do well on that
exam.

Erik still didn’t feel comfortable with his Psychology test. He believed
that it was too much memorization. He asked Jessica if they were going
to do another study session for Psychology. She told him no, but that
she could help him with it. They agreed to meet again after Psychology
class on Thursday.

They walked back to the dorms together talking about school and the
exams. After a while, there was silence as they walked. Erik tried to
think of something else to say. The encounter with Dave and Bob earlier
in the day still dominated their thoughts, but neither of them wanted to
discuss it any further. Now that the primary objective of the day was
completed, both of them couldn’t stop thinking of the incident. Erik and
Jessica were struggling to clear their heads and think of something else
to say.

Erik glanced at Jessica as they walked. She looked back, and they both
smiled as they put their heads down. "It’s a beautiful night," Jessica
finally said. Erik looked up at the sky. It was a clear night and the
stars shone bright, illuminating the campus with a dim glow.

"Yeah it is," Erik said looking around. He smiled. "The stars are very
easy to see here." Jessica looked up and noticed that the entire sky was
full of stars.

"There’s so many of them," Jessica said. "How many stars do you think
there are in the entire universe?"

"Billions, maybe trillions," Erik said. "I read somewhere once that
there's enough stars to assign one to every person that ever lived."

"Really?" Jessica asked.

"Supposedly," Erik said. "All the way back to the caveman."

"So, which one is mine?" Jessica asked playfully. Erik looked at her.

"Well, that’s the thing," Erik started. "You can choose whatever one you
want. It’s not like anyone can take it away from you."

"Then I want that one," Jessica said as she stopped walking, pointing up
at the sky. "One of the brightest in the sky."

"Polaris?" Erik asked as he stopped walking. "The North Star?"

"No, not the North Star," Jessica said. Further down the Little Dipper.
At the farthest point away in the top of the bowl. That one. That
shining star."

"I don’t know what they call that one," Erik said. "It’s probably got
some type of scientific name to it."

"Not anymore," Jessica said. "Now, it’s Dinah." She continued staring at
the star.

"Dinah?" Erik asked. "Whose Dinah?"

"My grandma," Jessica said. "When I was young, I remember sitting out in
front of her house at night just looking at the stars. One night, there
was a meteor shower. She said, ‘look, the stars are smiling at us.’ She
pointed to the the North Star and followed the four stars of the handle
along the top of the bowl. She told me ‘wherever you go, the stars are
always smiling down on you.’" Erik looked at Jessica.

"OK," Erik said. "Dinah it is." Jessica looked at Erik and smiled. Then,
she began walking again. Erik continued looking upward at the sky. Just
then, another star appeared and then a small cloud passed. Next, a
shooting star shot across the sky, and it looked like the smile turned
into a face with two eyes. The image looked like one of the eyes winked
at Erik. This stunned him for a second before he looked at Jessica who
was now walking away. Erik, then looked back at the sky. The eyes were
gone, but the smile remained. Erik shook his head and hurried to catch
up with Jessica.

Eventually, they arrived at the front of the dorm. They walked up the
steps to the front on the guy's side of the dorm. They stopped just
after the doorway where the hall divided into two directions. To the
left was the elevator to the guy's rooms and to the right was the
entrance to the lobby area which led to the girl's side of the dorm.

"Thanks again for all your help Erik," Jessica said.

"My pleasure!" Erik said with a smile.

"I’ll see you tomorrow?" she said.

"Of course," Erik said.

"Bye," Jessica said turning around and walking away. She walked through
the doors into the main lobby area. Erik watched her through the glass
doors as she walked away. When she reached the other side where the
entrance to the girl’s dorm was located, she looked back at Erik. Erik
saw her look back and waved to her. She waved back and continued to
walk.

Erik was smiling ear-to-ear. He never had so much fun studying for
school in his life. Erik turned around to walk toward the elevators, and
there were Dave and Bob. Erik’s smile was wiped off of his face. The
pair had devious smiles on their faces. Before Erik knew it, they
grabbed him and threw him up against a wall, holding him by the shirt
and neck.

"So, you trying to fuck my girlfriend?" Dave said.

"No Dave," Erik said worriedly. "It’s not like that."

"Yeah," Dave said. "Well, maybe we need to show you how it’s going to
be."

"Hey, bub," a voice said as another person entered the room. "What’s
going on here?"

"Piss off," Dave said not looking behind him.

"Hey fuckhead," the voice said again. Dave turned around and met Bret’s
cool gaze. "Yeah you, fuckhead." Dave turned around and got up into
Bret’s face.

"Oh, you want some of this?" Dave yelled at him. "I’ll knock your
fucking head off!"

"You better get the fuck out of my face before I tear you a new fucking
asshole," Bret barked right back. "You have no idea who you are fucking
with."

"Yeah?" Dave asked.

"Yes," Bret said eyeballing Dave, his right foot back, fists clenched,
ready to fight. Dave wasn't prepared to be challenged and stepped back,
seeing that Bret was ready to start swinging. Dave sized up his opponent
quickly and realized that he was going to lose a one-on-one fight with
Bret. Dave eyed Bret keenly as he continued to walk backward.

"Let’s go," Dave said to Bob. Bob released Erik and walked backward
keeping an eye on Bret and Erik.

"Stay away from Jessica," Dave barked out. "I mean it." Then, Dave and
Bob turned around and walked out of the dorm and out of sight.

Erik looked over at Bret who stood staring through the glass of the
front door at Dave and Bob. "Thanks," Erik managed to say quietly.

"I told you those fuckers were no good," Bret said still looking out the
door.

"Yeah," Erik said, his voice sounded as though he was on the verge of
tears. "You did." Bret turned to Erik.

"You alright?" Bret asked. Erik was trembling.

"Yeah," Erik said. "I’m just... I didn’t think I’d have to deal with
shit like this anymore.."

"Let’s go have a smoke," Bret said. Erik and Bret walked to the
courtyard in the middle of the building. There were no smoking signs
everywhere, but Bret lit up a cigarette anyway. Bret handed one to Erik
and lit it for him.

After a couple of moments of silence, Erik started to speak.

"What is wrong with me?" Erik said quietly.

"What?" Bret asked.

"What the fuck is wrong with me?" Erik said again.

"There’s nothing wrong with you," Bret said.

"Yeah, there is," Erik said. "Why can’t I stop getting myself into this
shit?"

"What do you mean?" Bret asked.

"People keep thinking I’m going to do things that I won’t," Erik said.
"I never get a chance to... They just... They judge me before they even
get to know me."

"Is that what you think just happened?" Bret asked. "Dude, you shouldn’t
worry about what pricks like that think of you."

"But it keeps happening to me," Erik said.

"What keeps happening?" Bret asked.

"When I got to college," Erik started to say, "I told myself ‘no more.’
Never again would I let someone push me around." Erik took another drag
of his cigarette and tears started to form in his eyes. "I was bullied a
lot in High School... And Middle school... And grade school. Just... my
whole fucking life." Erik wiped his eyes and continued. "But I told
myself when I go to college, that’s it. That’s the end. Everyone else I
come in contact with will be different. College... will be different.
Any jackass off the street can’t just apply and get in. Educated, smart,
hard-working people go to college..." Erik took another drag of his
cigarette. Then, he leaned back against the wall and continued. "But, I
was wrong... I can’t find a place for me to be... to be... safe... or
me... or whatever..."

Erik put his head down, starting to cry. Bret slowly nodded.

"Yeah, people suck," Bret said. "Some suck less than others. And some
are decent, but people pretty much just suck. So fuck ‘em. Who cares
what they think? Do whatever you want and if one of those assholes steps
in your way, tell them to get the fuck out of the way or else."

"Or else what?" Erik asked.

"Or else...," Bret said. Erik looked at Bret and Bret just smiled. "Keep
‘em guessing. That freaks them out. They don’t know what the fuck could
happen. People suck. But they are also really fucking stupid." Erik
started laughing.

The two headed upstairs and went to Bret’s room. Erik opened up about
what happened and how Dave and Bob jumped him after saying goodbye to
Jessica. "Sounds like they’re following you," Bret said. "Or her."

"Maybe," Erik said.

"Where do those fuckers live?" Bret asked.

"I thought Jessica said they had an apartment close to campus," Erik
responded.

"Yeah," Bret said. "They’re following you. Or her. Either way, you keep
seeing her, they’re going to know and come at you again."

"Are you saying I shouldn’t be around her?" Erik asked.

"I’m saying you need to think about how those fuckers are going to try
to get you again if you do," Bret responded.

Erik nodded.

Eventually, Erik left Bret’s room and headed to his room for the night.
Before he left, Erik asked for two more cigarettes in case he needed to
calm down again. Bret gave him the rest of his pack. "You probably need
them more than I do," Bret said. Erik’s roller-coaster day left him
exhausted. He was mentally and emotionally drained. The encounter with
Dave and Bob put him back into a state of panic. Erik knew these
feelings too well, and he knew he would need them to stay on his toes.
If he sensed danger, his instincts would kick in and his "fight or
flight" response would cause him to run as fast as he could. His mind
was racing, but he was physically exhausted. Still, he needed one last
hit of his perfect drug. Erik took off his clothes, jerked off to porn,
and then crawled into bed for the night.

He woke up to a knock at his door. Erik was groggy and tired as he
rolled out of bed to answer the door. He was naked, and he had an
erection, but he was so tired that he didn’t notice. The knock was
getting louder and louder, which helped Erik back to consciousness. Erik
looked around and couldn’t find anything to get dressed with
immediately, so he grabbed his towel and wrapped it around his waist. He
walked over to the door and opened it. Just as Erik began to open the
door, Dave and Bob pushed into it and rushed into the room. They grabbed
Erik by his arms. Erik’s window was open, and they started to push him
toward it. The towel came off, and Erik was naked as his two assailants
were trying to throw Erik out the window.

Erik could see what they were trying to do so he stretched out his arms
and legs so that his body was longer than the window. He gripped on to
the walls around him, and Dave and Bob weren’t able to force him out.
"Stop!," Erik screamed over and over again as the two kept trying to
push Erik out the window. Finally, Dave yelled, "Hold him!"

Bob grabbed Erik’s arms and held him in place as he stood. Dave
brandished a large bowie knife, which looked like he had kept behind his
back as they rushed in. "No! No! Stop! Help! Help! Please!," Erik
screamed. Erik kicked his legs violently at Dave, trying to stop him as
he advanced. Erik kicked Dave in the stomach, but it had little effect.
Bob saw an opening as Erik continued to kick. Bob slightly picked up
Erik and then slammed him hard on the floor knocking the wind out of
Erik.

Erik was gasping for air trying to regain control of himself quickly
before Dave could get closer, but before Erik knew it, the knife was at
his face. "I told you to stay away from her!" Dave said. "Now you’re
going to pay." The knife moved down to Erik’s groin area. Dave grabbed
Erik’s dick in one hand and sawed at it with the knife. Erik was in
immense pain. He screamed over and over again. Erik felt as though Dave
had been sawing for minutes, but within 3 seconds, Dave had cut off
Erik’s dick and held it up to show Erik. "You don’t need this no more,
pussy!"

Erik went into shock at the sight of seeing his bloody penis detached
from his body, being held in front of his face by Dave. The world went
white, and his body went numb. Fear was erased and replaced with pure
rage at the sight of seeing his body altered, permanently. "You mother
fuckers!" he screamed. "Fuck you! Fuck you! You’re not going to get away
with this! I’ll fucking kill you! You’re fucking dead!" Erik kept saying
the same things over and over again, not breathing as he screamed. His
face was red hot with anger.

"No you won’t," Dave said calmly and stuck the knife deep into Erik’s
throat. The wound flowed with red liquid all around it as Erik now
gasped for air. He coughed up blood in the process as he choked on the
warm liquid. Anger completely washed away, and panic was now restored as
Erik realized at this moment, he was going to die. The anxiety of
impending death was now more overwhelming than the immediate need of
taking in oxygen to live. He thought to himself: "There is no second
chance, there is no way out of this. I’m going to die here, alone. This
is it; this is how it ends."

Erik jolted upward in the night. He was still in his bed, and he looked
around himself, disoriented for his nightmare. The room was dark and
empty. His hands went to his dick, and he felt comforted it that was
still attached to his body. Next, his hands went to his throat and felt
no wounds. Erik finally started to calm himself. He took a deep breath
as he acknowledged that the nightmare wasn’t real and that he was still
alive.

Erik was shaking and sweating. It felt too real to ignore, and now tears
started to run down his face. Erik had nightmares of being attacked
before, but not like this one. This one felt too real and the
acknowledgement of his death at the same hands of the two that assaulted
him the night before made him even more afraid than ever before. Erik
needed to calm down.

Erik was doing anything he could to try and break the anxiety. "I need a
smoke," he thought. He couldn’t stay focused enough to get dressed. He
remembered an old hymn that would keep him calm under stress. He
continued shaking, as he put on a shirt and a pair of shorts, nervously
humming the sacred song in his head, trying to keep his wits about him.
He glanced at his alarm clock, which read 2:34 AM. Then, he cautiously
opened the door and looked down the hall. Erik didn’t want to go
outside. He feared that "they" could be out there waiting for him. So,
he walked over to the study room across from the elevators. It was a
small 8-foot by 6-foot room with a table, two chairs, and a window. Erik
closed the door to the room and opened the window. Erik sat there and
smoked, trying to calm his nerves. He was on his 3rd cigarette, and the
contact buzz was strong. The buzz helped to clear his mind and gave him
a "break" from his thoughts. Erik felt that his own mind wasn’t even a
safe place for him right now.

After Erik finished the 3rd cigarette, he closed the door and walked
back to his room. He felt slightly ill from chain-smoking, but he was
calmer. However, it was time to heal himself with the only drug that
ever truly worked for him, porn. He opened his "Jessica porn" folder.
This started to elevate his anxiety again, and his heart was pounding.
Jessica was now being associated with death and was no longer something
he could use to calm himself.

Instead, Erik opened a regular porn tube site. He surfed around and
found something he liked. It was a rougher sex video called, "Kimmy
likes it rough". He masturbated. Then he kept looking. He found another
rough sex video he liked, this time with anal. He masturbated again.
Then he kept looking. He found a rough sex gangbang video. And
masturbated again. Erik did this for two hours and ejaculated six times.
All of his emotions of fear mixed with aggression were taken out on
himself. Afterward, he finally felt calm enough to sleep. He rolled into
bed naked, except for his socks, and pulled the sheet up to fall asleep.

Erik’s alarm went off at the usual time the next morning. Erik looked
over, still very tired from being up late. Anxiety, fear, and panic set
in as Erik realized that in his psychology class, both Bob and Jessica
would be there. To Erik, this meant that Dave would be nearby and chaos
would ensue as soon as Dave and Bob were able to get Erik alone. This
slipped Erik back into a deep depression, as he felt like he couldn’t go
about his life without getting harassed by Dave and Bob.

Erik rolled out of bed and sat back down at his computer. He was still
naked, except for his socks. Erik checked his email and opened the
Psychology study guide. He started to read over it, but his mind would
quickly turn to mush. Erik couldn’t concentrate on schoolwork. All Erik
would keep thinking about was Dave coming after him.

Erik reopened the web browser window from the previous night and
continued his search for another video. Erik spent another two hours
watching rough porn while masturbating. When he was done, his dick hurt
and he developed a red sore by the tip. Erik skipped his class and
breakfast, deciding to eat an energy bar and drink bottled water. He
kept on going at himself for another hour, using hand lotion to soften
the friction. At the end, of this session, he had masturbated seven
times, and the head of his penis was rubbed raw. It looked like he
dragged his dick across a carpet and it was bleeding slightly.

Erik showered and went to the cafeteria for lunch. Afterward, he rode
the bus to campus. Erik exited the bus at a stop next to a computer lab.
He walked into the building and sat down in an open seat. Erik opened
his book and began to study for psychology. Erik was alone in the
computer lab, and the empty room gave him a quiet environment to study
for the test. Erik’s mind was able to stay on track and review the
material for the exam.

Eventually, it was time for Erik’s math class. He gathered his things
and walked to his next class. Inside, he saw Jessica. She smiled at him
as he entered the room. Erik gave her an awkward smile as he walked to a
desk and sat down.

"I missed you this morning," Jessica said to Erik.

"Uh, yeah," Erik responded. "I wasn’t feeling good this morning."

"That sucks," Jessica said. "How are you feeling now?"

"OK," Erik said quietly looking down.

"Good," Jessica said confused. "Do you want to study after dinner?"

"No," Erik said. "I’m just... I’m going to go to bed."

"OK," Jessica said, even more confused. "I hope you feel better."

"Thanks," Erik said quickly.

Class began, and Erik zoned out. His mind took him to places where he
always had to stay hypervigilant, avoiding any contact with Jessica to
keep away Dave and Bob. If Erik wasn’t running, he was fighting... and
losing. Erik kept running, but not fast enough. Then he was fighting,
but not good enough. He couldn’t win when he was sleeping, and he still
couldn’t win when he was awake. He was always losing, in every scenario,
his mind put him in. Through all this simulation, Erik concluded that
there is no acceptable losses he can endure. The only winning move was
not to play this game.

The class was ending, so Erik gathered his things rapidly and walked out
the door. Jessica quickly tried to catch up with him. The bus arrived
and Erik hastily jumped on and took a seat near the back. Jessica was
forced to stand. When the bus stopped, Erik ran out and darted for the
doors on the men’s side of the dorm. Jessica watched him as he hurried
to the door. She turned and walked calmly toward the women’s side.

Erik rushed into the cafeteria, grabbed his food and took the entire
tray to the elevator. He took the elevator upstairs, went to his room
and locked the door. Erik began to eat alone in the chair by the TV.
There was a knock at the door. Erik turned in the chair to look at the
door. Erik knew that this was probably Bret, but he wasn’t sure. Erik
stared at the door as he ate. He could see the shadow slightly under the
door. There was another knock, louder this time. Erik continued to eat
his food as he stared at the door, wide-eyed.

Erik could hear some sounds on the other side of the door. He could hear
some type of sliding or something on the door itself. He stopped eating
and leaned closer to the door in his chair. Then, the shadows were gone.
Erik leaned back in the chair feeling relieved. Suddenly, there was an
explosion, and the door blew open. Dave and Bob ran in with automatic
weapons, firing at Erik and striking his body several times. He fell off
of the chair onto the floor, bloody and dead.

Erik blinked, still sitting in the chair, breathing heavy. Suddenly, the
door was kicked down by Bob. Dave rushed in and threw a haymaker punch
at Erik, knocking him out of his chair and on the ground. Erik was
dazed, but conscious. Bob ran into the room behind Erik and picked him
up off the floor. Dave was throwing punches at Erik, continuously. Some
landed on Erik’s face, some on his body. Erik was bleeding and gasping
for air. Erik’s head was hanging downward, drained of all energy from
the onslaught. He was in immense pain as he struggled to breathe. Dave
grabbed Erik by the hair on the back of his head and pulled his face up.
"You’ll never learn," Dave muttered. Suddenly, Dave had a pocket knife
that he plunged up into the bottom of Erik’s lower jaw.

Erik jolted out of his chair. He was breathing heavily. He couldn’t
trust himself with his own mind to calm himself down. So, Erik rushed to
his computer and navigated back to his porn sites. He pulled down his
pants. Erik’s penis was still red from his morning session. He gripped
his dick and started to stroke himself. A slight pain shot at him, and
he remembered how he rubbed himself raw. He grasped himself entirely on
the shaft. Then he grabbed some hand lotion and dabbed some on the head
and rubbed it into the redness.

Erik wasted no time after quickly providing temporary relief to himself.
He began masturbating furiously to a threesome, rough sex video where 2
guys were manhandling a girl. He came quickly. He sat in the chair
calming himself. The calming effect of his orgasm caused Erik to close
his eyes and slip back into a dream-like state. Erik was walking around
campus on a warm summer day. As he walked, he tripped on a can of
peaches. Erik looked at the can, and it reminded him of a song with the
same title. Erik could hear the song play all around him.

Erik looked up. There were women everywhere, and they were all naked.
Some were walking; some were riding bikes. There were even some women
rollerblading with knee pads, elbow pads, helmets, wrist guards and
nothing else. A girl walked by him and touched his face seductively,
giving him a wink as she passed.

Erik had a big smile on his face watching his candyland. Erik continued
to walk down the sidewalk. Girls would smile and wave at him as he
walked by them. Then, he saw people having sex all around him. On the
steps walking into buildings, up against cars, behind benches, in the
middle of the grass, everywhere. Erik loved this world. He stopped to
watch and take it all in.

Erik looked inside of a car and saw a woman with her tits pressed
against the glass as a guy was fucking her from behind in the backseat.
Erik turned his head in the other direction and saw a girl bent outside
a 3rd-floor window of a dorm building as she was being fucked by a guy
on the inside of the room. The sexy sounds of their moans filled the air
as Erik kept walking, taking in the sights of all of these random people
having sex in public for everyone to see.

As time went on, the sex became more aggressive. Men were pulling
women's hair, smacking their asses, calling them degrading names,
fucking them harder and faster. Erik liked this at first, but then some
of the men were outright abusing the women. One man, closed fist punched
one of the women in the face. She fell to the ground bloody and
screamed. The man jumped on her and pinned her to the ground, choking
her as she cried for help. He was raping the woman as Erik watched in
horror. "STOP!" Erik yelled.

Then, suddenly, everyone stopped. Everyone in the entire world stopped
what they were doing... and then, they looked at Erik. Everyone...
stopped walking, stopped talking, stopped fucking... and stared at Erik.
They had looks of anger on their faces. All of them, including the
abused women. Erik was shocked and didn’t know what to do. Erik began to
gradually back away. Then, he felt the presence of someone behind him.
Erik slowly turned around, and there were Dave and Bob, with devious
smiles on their faces. The music slowed and became a heavy death metal
power cord that produced a feeling of terror.

Erik jolted awake in his desk chair. His pants were down, and he was
still holding his dick. The porn video was still playing on the laptop
in front of him. "This is not working," Erik thought to himself. He
closed his eyes to try and clear his mind. "Just stay away from them,
and everything will be alright. Just... Stay inside... Go to class, come
back to the room, and do nothing else. They can’t get you in here, and
you can always call the cops if they try."

Erik took several deep breaths. "They aren’t trying to get you," Erik
said to himself. "They don’t care about you. Nothing has happened.
Nothing will happen." Erik took another deep breath. This self-denial of
the situation was able to calm Erik enough to study again. He pulled his
pants up and opened his Psychology study guide. The test was tomorrow,
and he had a lot of material to cover.
