Chapter 21
==========

<br />

Erik woke up to his alarm. He was still sitting in his chair, pants
around his ankles, holding himself with cum all over his hand which had
dried and glued his dick to his right hand. Erik’s neck ached, and he
was exhausted. The porn clip was still playing on repeat when Erik
jolted awake and grabbed behind his lower head. "Fuck," he said. He
started to pull away his hand, but the dry cum was tugging the skin on
his dick with it. His dick was now soft, so it was stretching as he
tried to pull his hand away, causing an uncomfortable ripping sensation.
After a few seconds of gentle tugging, he separated the two body parts
while a crusty trail of sticky whiteness lay behind.

Erik grabbed a roll of toilet paper and attempted to use that to wipe
off the gummy, flakey residue, but it wasn’t working. The toilet paper
was ripping and sticking to both his hand and his dick as if he threw
feathers over the tar that lay behind to complete the humiliation.
Eventually, he grabbed his shower towel and scrubbed at his hand,
leaving his dick to fend for itself. Erik was able to scrape off the
residue from his hand so it wouldn’t sully up anything else he touched.

Erik put his pants back on and then rushed to the bathroom to wash his
hands. He quickly pulled himself together for class and ran to the bus
stop. At the bus stop, Jessica saw him walk up and looked over at him.
"Hey stranger," she said. Erik was exhausted. He was so focused on
getting to class that he didn’t even notice Jessica standing next to
him. Erik turned and stared at her for a second before he realized who
she was.

"Oh, hey!" he said. "Hi. Heya... ah... How are you?"

Jessica smiled. "I’m OK," she said back. "How are you?"

"I’m fucking... I’m great...," Erik responded. "I’m just... a little
tired..."

"Were you up late last night?" Jessica asked curiously.

"What? Oh, yeah... I was working on sh... stuff... I mean... I had work
I was doing, and it kept me up late. The work did. I was working on it.
And it just kept going. But I worked on it. And I found it. And it was
great. So I just kept working on it..."

"Did you fix whatever you were working on?" Jessica asked.

"No," Erik said. "But I found out what happened. So I kept working on
it. And then I found out some more. And it was like, WOW... And then I
was, whoa... And then..." Erik stopped talking, finally realizing that
he had been rambling this whole time. He looked at Jessica who was
looking at him trying to understand what he was saying.

"I’m sorry," Erik said. I’m running on like an hour of sleep, and I have
no idea what I’m talking about."

Jessica smiled back. "No, I’m sorry," she said. "I’ve been really out of
it this past week, and I’ve been, kind of, ignoring you... and that’s
not right. It’s just... I..." The sound of the bus stopping at the
corner drowned out Jessica. She turned and entered the bus. Erik
followed her. She took a seat, and Erik sat next to her.

"So, what’s going on?" Erik asked.

"It’s nothing," Jessica said. "I just wanted to say sorry."

"OK," Erik said. "No problem. I’m cool... No big deal... Just... all
good..." He looked at Jessica who cracked a smile at him.

"So...," Erik said trying to think of something to keep the conversation
going. "The test! Ah ha!" Erik said it as if he had a eureka moment.
Then, he looked at a startled, wide-eyed Jessica. "Sorry... Umm, how did
you do on that?"

"I got an A," Jessica said. "How about you?"

"C+," Erik said. "Seems like a lot of people did bad on it."

"Yeah," Jessica responded. "The day after the test, Professor Hand asked
the class if we were all on drugs. He sounded really mad."

"Wow," Erik said amazed. "Did Bob flunk it?" Erik asked.

Jessica put her head down. "Yep," she said. She kept her head down and
remained silent. Erik did a silent "yes" with a fist clench, knowing Bob
was now out of the picture. Erik saw that the subject made her
uncomfortable, so he took this as a cue to change the subject.

"So...," Erik said. "How’s Lexi?"

Jessica looked up. "I don’t know," she said. "I see her in the mornings
when she comes back. She’s spending a lot of time with Bret. She texts
me stuff, but I haven’t talked to her much this week. It’s all internet
movies and chill, you know."

"Oh," Erik said. "I’ve been busy with work, so I haven’t seen them."

"What are you working on?" Jessica asked.

"The same website I’ve been working on all summer," Erik said.

"It’s not done yet?"

"It was," Erik said, turning angry. "Then some fucker hacked it and put
all kinds of shit on it and I’ve been trying to unfuck it for the past 3
days."

"O... K...," Jessica said realizing that she struck a nerve. "Good
luck... with all... that."

"I’m sorry," Erik said realizing that his demeanor changed. "I’ve just
been putting all my time into trying to figure out what went wrong and I
finally found it last night, and I’m so tired, and I can’t think
straight, and if I catch this little fucker, I’m gonna..." Erik stopped
himself. "I’m sorry... I’m doing it again. I need to go back to sleep."

Jessica laughed at him.

The bus pulled up to the building, and everyone exited. Jessica and Erik
went to their first class. After class, they started talking again. They
talked while waiting for the bus, they talked on the short bus ride
back, and they talked after they exited the bus back at the dorms.

"So, maybe I’ll see you around later?" Erik asked.

"I’ll see you again later today," Jessica said.

"Yeah," Erik said nodding like an idiot. "Yes, I will... Yes, we will...
You... will..."

Jessica giggled. "Bye Erik," she said walking toward the girl’s side of
the dorm.

Erik walked to the boy’s side of the dorm.

Erik took the elevator up to his floor and went to his room. Lara’s
laptop backup was now finished. He started to reinstall the Operating
system so the machine would have a new clean start. He knew this was
going to take over an hour, so he undressed, took his shower caddie and
towel, and walked to the bathroom to take a shower. The warm water was
soothing on his skin. He felt like he was going to fall asleep in the
shower stall. He rested his head and shoulder up against the wall and
stood still as the water dripped down his body. He cradled his dick in
his hands.

"Knock, knock," a voice said loudly drawing open the shower curtain.
Erik was jolted awake by Steve who was standing there staring at Erik.
Erik was shocked and used his hands to try and cover himself as he
turned toward the corner.

"Oh," Steve said calmly. "Nice dick. No wonder you fuck porn stars."

"What the fuck Steve!?!," Erik yelled.

"Hey, I need twenty dollars," Steve said. "To like... keep..."

"Get the fuck out of here!" Erik yelled.

"I yelled over, and you didn’t say nothing," Steve said. "I thought you
might have hung yourself while jerking off or something."

"CLOSE THE CURTAIN!," Erik yelled.

"Can I have twenty dollars?"

"NO!," Erik said.

"Why not?" Steve asked.

"CLOSE THE CURTAIN!," Erik yelled again.

"Alright," Steve said. "I’ll just get it from your wallet." Steve walked
out of the bathroom. Erik quickly grabbed the curtain and shut it.

"What a fucking dick," Erik thought to himself. Then, Erik realized that
he felt disoriented and groggy like he was just shaken awake from a deep
sleep. "How long have I been in here? Maybe I should get out."

Erik washed and then exited the shower. He walked over to the sink and
brushed his teeth. Then he walked back to his room, wondering if he was
going to find Steve rummaging through his stuff. He opened the door and
found that someone was sitting in his chair staring out the window.

"Goddamnit, Steve," Erik said. "Stop trying to take my ..." Lara turned
around in the chair and stood up to face him. She was wearing a dark red
shirt and black shorts.

"Oh," Erik said surprised. He was struggling to find the right words.
"Hi... When... Where... How did you know where I lived?"

"Looked you up in the student directory," Lara said.

"Oh right," Erik remembered that all the student information was public
knowledge to anyone that had access to the student directory. Erik was
so tired that he wasn't thinking straight.

"I need everything back today," Lara said. "I can’t make any money."

"I’m trying," Erik said shutting the door behind him. He put the shower
caddie down.

"Try harder," Lara shot back. "Everyday I lose another guy. I need
everything back."

Erik looked over at the laptop, and it had finished reinstalling the
Operating System. "Jesus," he thought. "How long was I in there?"

"It looks like your laptop is done," Erik said. "You can take that back
now and I’ll clean the files from the backup and give those to you
tomorrow. This stuff takes time. I’m going as fast as I can. I’m not
sleeping, I’m..."

"They’re already talking to other girls," Lara cut him off, sounding
hurt. "They’re leaving me."

"Sounds like a lot of drama for a cam girl," Erik said in a snarky tone.

"This is my business Erik," Lara said confidently. Her tone
strengthened. "Everyday I can’t give them what they want is another day
they pay someone else for it."

"I’m sorry," Erik said. "I’m tired. I’ve been working on it all night. I
finally figured out how he got in and now I know how to keep him out."

"He keeps sending me messages," Lara said.

"What kind of messages?" Erik asked.

"Emails," Lara said.

"Block him."

"I tried," Lara said. "They are coming from different email addresses."

"Change your email address."

"All my customers know it," Lara pleaded. "I just can’t change
everything on them."

"Email them and let them know it changed," Erik said calmly. "Then setup
forwarding rules for those customers you want to keep in contact with,
in case they use the wrong address."

"He’s sending me emails to my school email too," Lara said.

"Shit..."

"And, he’s been calling me."

"What?" Erik asked. "You’re talking to him?"

"Yes"

"Change your number."

"It’s in the school directory," Lara said.

"Fuck..."

"What do I do?" Lara asked desperately.

"I don’t know Lara," Erik said. "You can’t... hmm..." Erik started
thinking out loud.

"I need you to fix this," Lara said firmly.

"I’m trying," Erik shot back. "I can get him out of the site. I can get
him out of your computer, but he knows too much about you. He’s going to
keep harassing you until he finds something better to do."

"He’s sending me gifts too," Lara said looking down.

"What?!"

"He bought me this shirt and these shoes," Lara said calmly. "They were
on my Wish List, and they showed up at the door yesterday. He sent me an
email asking if I liked my new clothes."

"What the fuck?" Erik said. "And you’re wearing them?"

Lara looked up at Erik. "Guys buy gifts on my wish list all the time.
He’s acting like one of my regulars."

"Except he’s harassing and blackmailing you," Erik said.

"He also told me that he could do a better job protecting me than you,"
Lara said.

Erik froze. "You told him about me?"

"No, but he knew I’m not a computer nerd, so....," Lara responded.

"So he doesn’t know anything about me?" Erik cut her off nervously.

"He knows you like anal, your dick is about 8 inches, I’ve been paying
you with sex...," Lara said totally straightfaced.

"I’m serious...," Erik asked panicked.

"I am too..."

"Why would you tell him all that?" Erik asked raising his voice.

"Why not?"

"If you keep talking to him, you’re giving him a reason to keep coming
back," Erik continued.

"If I don’t keep talking to him, then he harasses my student accounts,"
Lara said. "When I talk to him, he leaves my personal life alone."

"You’re negotiating with a terrorist," Erik glared at her.

"Now who’s being the drama queen," Lara responded.

Erik was getting angrier by the minute.

"You actually enjoy this don’t you?" Erik asked. "You like the
attention!" "Get real."

"Look at you!" Erik became louder. "You’re talking to him on the phone!
You’re wearing the clothes he bought you! You’re telling him about your
life! You’ve let him in. Are you falling for this guy too?"

"Calm down Nancy," Lara said. "Don’t change the subject. I need my
laptop and my website back and I need it back today."

Erik glared at her. Then, Erik started in using a quieter tone. "You
have to stop talking to him. If he gets you to click the wrong thing,
he’s back in, and I’ll have to do this whole thing over again."

"I can’t stop talking to him," Lara said. "He’s buying me stuff, so I
give him freebies now."

"Freebies?"

"Yeah," Lara said. "Like you."

Erik exploded in anger. "What do you mean like me?" Erik yelled. "I’m
helping you fix what this guy fucked up, and all you have to say is that
we are both freebies? What the fuck does that even mean?"

"He likes phone sex," Lara said. "You like real sex. I don’t make either
of you pay for it, so I give you freebies."

Erik stared at her in disbelief. He couldn’t comprehend that he was
being compared to the attacker that he spent countless hours trying to
protect Lara from. He stood there making strange facial expressions as
he tried to come to some logical conclusion that resembled Lara’s
comprehension. Eventually, Lara broke the silence.

"So, when do I get my website back?" Lara asked. Erik stopped his mental
gymnastics and looked at her, deadpanned. "Monday."

"No," Lara said shaking her head.

"It’s going to take some time to get all your new videos and pictures in
the cleaned version," Erik said.

"I need it by Friday."

"I can’t do that."

"Jesus, now what do you want?" Lara said raising her voice. "You want to
shove an ice pop in my ass and make me lick it? You want me to deep
throat a sausage while you pee on me?" "What?" Erik said surprised once
again by Lara’s ability to come up with strange sexual fetishes on a
whim. "Lara... I... I’m not even sure what to say to that."

"WHAT... DO... YOU... WANT?" Lara yelled.

Erik paused. His answer came almost immediately, but he knew it would be
rejected. Still, Lara asked the question, so Erik decided to answer,
honestly. "You," Erik said calmly.

"I’m standing right here."

"I want you to be with me."

"I’m right here," Lara said sternly.

"I want to be with you."

"I’m right fucking here," Lara said through gritted teeth.

"Fuck it," Erik thought. Erik leaned in, grabbed Lara’s head and kissed
her.

Lara pulled away from him quickly. "STOP," she yelled.

"This is what I want," Erik responded.

"No, you don’t."

"Yes, I do."

"You just want to kiss me?" Lara asked confused.

"I want to be with you. I love you."

Lara stood there and stared at Erik confused. She looked into his eyes
trying to understand everything he was saying to her, trying to
comprehend it.

Then, Erik kisses her again, and Lara submits. She doesn’t pull away
from him. Erik breaks the kiss, and he looks into her eyes with a smile.
Then, he kisses her again, passionately.

Lara removes the towel from Erik and goes to her knees. She puts his
cock in her mouth. Erik pulls away and brings her back to her feet. He
kisses her again as he unbuttons her shorts. They stop kissing, and she
pulls her shirt over her head, and he rips her shorts off. The two are
standing there naked making out in the middle of Erik’s dorm room.

Erik leads the two over to the bed and lays Lara down. He gets on top of
her and continues making out with her. His hand trails down Lara’s
chest, over her belly and around her mound. Erik teases her slightly
before he begins to rub her clit. She feels dry to him, so Erik starts
to trail kisses down her chest and belly until he’s over her pussy. Erik
starts licking and sucking. Lara begins breathing heavy and moaning
slightly. He inserts his tongue, and she whines louder.

Erik kissed and sucked on Lara’s pussy. He loved the way it looked and
tasted. It had a very luscious aroma to it that made Erik even harder.
Erik buried his face deeper, sticking in his tongue as deep as it would
go. She exhaled and moved her hips down on him, grinding his face. He
drank in every inch of every curve. Lara was now fucking Erik’s mouth
and tongue with her hips. Her breathing became deeper. Erik moved to her
mound and watched Lara’s face as he sucked on her clit. She looked down
at him with her beautiful "come fuck me" eyes as she continued to whine
louder.

Lara grabs Erik’s head with both of her hands on his cheeks and gently
pulls at him, guiding his mouth back up to her's. They kiss passionately
as he drives into her slowly. Lara breaks the kiss as she starts to cry
out in pleasure. Erik engages her lips again, making out as the two have
sex on Erik’s bed. The rhythm gets faster and faster. Erik is in
ecstasy. He’s making love to the woman of his dreams, on his college
bed, and her body is responding to him with signals that indicate that
she’s loving every second of it.

Erik couldn’t handle the tension long. Erik wasn’t wearing a condom, and
he didn’t want to cum inside her, so he lifts himself up, but she
wouldn’t let him. She grips onto him, wrapping her legs around him. Erik
panics. "I’m going to cum!" he says. Erik knew he couldn’t hold it
anymore. Lara brings him close and whispers, "Cum inside me." Then, she
brings her lips back to his. This instantaneous, cum-inducing action
produced the most intense orgasm that Erik had ever experienced. He shot
load after load inside Lara as she whined, sucking on his lower lip and
he moaned loudly. Wave after wave of ecstasy was washing over Erik.

The orgasm felt like it lasted for minutes. Erik collapsed on top of
Lara, in bliss, the most joy he had ever felt in his entire life. This
was the single greatest moment he had ever experienced, and now he was
basking in the calmness brought upon after his orgasm.

"This can’t be real," he thought. "This... was way too good to be real.
Am I dreaming again? If I am, I don’t ever want to wake up."
