Chapter 22
==========

<br />

Lara was sitting on the edge of Erik’s bed, putting her clothes back on.
Erik was watching her from the bed with the biggest smile on his face
that he’s ever had.

"OK, so you’ll have everything by Friday?" Lara says to Erik.

"I’ll do my best," Erik said.

"Friday, Erik," Lara said more sternly.

"OK," Erik said. "Do you want me to come over and we’ll have dinner
together tonight?"

"What?"

"I’ll bring dinner over," Erik clarified.

"Sure, whatever," Lara says. She finished dressing and now was walking
toward the door. On her way to the door, she stops and picks up her
laptop. Erik sees that she’s packing up to leave, so he gets out of bed
and steps in front of the door. Lara stops and then tries to go around
him, just as Erik attempts to hug her, and the two do a head bob from
side-to-side, opposite of each other like they are dancing. Finally,
Erik puts his arms out to hug her and Lara ducks under them to get to
the door behind him. Lara’s hand goes to the doorknob.

Erik looks down and sees Lara’s cellphone on the floor. He bends over
and picks up the phone.

"Lara," Erik says.

"What?"

"You forgot your phone," Erik says holding up her cell phone. Lara walks
over to grab it from Erik, but he won’t let go. Erik uses the phone to
try and pull her in close to him.

"What are you doing?" Lara asks as she steps toward him to keep her
balance from the force of Erik pulling on the phone.

"I love you," Erik says as he leans in to kiss her.

"Stop," Lara said pulling away.

"What?"

"It’s over."

"What do you mean?"

"It’s over," Lara says again. "It’s time to stop."

"What’s over?"

"Your little fantasy," Lara says in a stern tone.

"Lara," Erik says. "I love you."

"STOP," Lara snaps back.

"I told you that I want to be with you."

"We’re standing here together!"

"You know what I mean," Erik says.

"I have to go," Lara says trying to pull the phone away.

"What did you think this was all about here?" Erik says. "What did we
just do? What was all that?"

"I thought you were role-playing," Lara said, matter of factly. Lara
stared at Erik and watched his facial expression go from confused to
sullen.

"I have to go," Lara says ripping the phone out of his hand. She opened
the door to the room and left, closing the door behind her.

Erik stood there, naked, staring at the door, not sure what to do next.
At that moment, Erik’s mind checked out. He felt like he was just given
everything he ever wanted, wrapped in a bow and handed to him and just
as quickly, it was ripped away.

Erik continued to stand there and stare at the door. Finally, his
subconscious took over and set him on the path of his regular routine.
Erik was now on cruise control. As a creature of habit, he had a regular
schedule of activities that his body followed on a daily basis. Erik’s
mind submitted fully to this routine, letting it take him over
completely.

Erik sat down and dressed. He opened the door and walked down the hall
to the elevator. Then, he took the elevator downstairs and walked to the
cafeteria. Just outside of the cafeteria was a sign that had the lunch
menu options for the day. On Wednesdays, the cafeteria would typically
serve pizza and chicken tenders for lunch. The menu stated this as well.

Erik walked into the cafeteria and grabbed a tray. He wandered into the
line and looked for the pizza. The counter had an assortment of wrapped
sandwiches that had labels on them. The labels had the type of meat and
cheese in the sandwich: Ham/American, Turkey/Swiss, Chicken/Cheddar,
etc.

Erik looked up to see the young student in the apron behind the counter.
"Are you looking for something that isn't there?" the student asked.

"Pizza," Erik responded.

"Aww, yeah..." the student started to speak. "The ovens broke this
morning. We couldn't cook up the pizzas, so we had to do sandwiches
instead."

"The menu says pizza," Erik said unfazed.

"Yeah, sorry man," the student says. "I guess we forgot to change it."

Erik looked around. "Who is we?" he asked.

"I dunno man, I just work here," the student said. "I can make you a
sandwich if you want something else."

"I want pizza," Erik said firmly.

"Well, I have tomato sauce and mozzarella," the student responded. "I
could probably make you a pizza flavored sandwich."

"I don't want a pizza flavored sandwich," Erik said. "I want a fucking
pizza flavored pizza."

"Yeah man, we can't do that," the student said. Again, Erik looked
around.

"Who the fuck is we?" Erik said. "All I want, all I need, all I came for
is what was on the menu. I want a regular, reheated, shitty cafeteria,
pepperoni, fucking pizza."

"The oven's broke man," the student says.

"There's a microwave right behind you," Erik says.

"Yeah, but I can't cut a piece off a frozen pizza and just heat it up in
the microwave."

"Why not?"

"Cause I can't."

"There's a big knife right there. Just cut it."

"Hmm," the student says. "I can probably heat up the pizza sandwich, so
it's hot like a pizza."

"FUCK!" Erik screams, slamming the tray down on the ledge. "Doesn't
anyone do what they fucking say? Does no one ever do anything that they
fucking commit to anymore!?! In a world of lies and deceit and fake news
and stupid bullshit, all I'm looking for is something I can rely on. If
a cafeteria menu says Wednesday: Pizza and chicken tenders, then when I
go to that fucking cafeteria on Wednesday, holy shit, there should be
pizza and fucking chicken tenders!"

The student was stunned. He didn't want to say anything else that could
set off Erik in another way, but he didn't know what else to do. "Did
you want a chicken pizza sandwich then?" the student asks.

"GOD DAMNIT!" Erik screams throwing his tray like a frisbee at the wall,
cracking it in half. Both Erik and the student stare at the wall where
Erik threw the tray. Then, they both look at each other.

"I'm so sorry," Erik says, completely changing his demeanor. His eyes
were welling up, and he looked like he was about to cry. "I shouldn't
have done that." Erik walks over to collect the pieces of the tray and
places it back on the ledge.

"I'm going to go make you a heated chicken pizza sandwich," the student
says, walking away in a hurry. Erik's head looks downward in defeat.

Erik receives his sandwich and eats alone in the cafeteria, zoned out.
After lunch, his routine took over again.

Erik’s routine wandered him into his 2nd class. Erik sat there, vacantly
watching as Jessica was talking to him, but the sound was drowned out.
Erik’s eyes were focused on her, and he could see that she was saying
something, but he was not comprehending any of the words. There was
nothing but darkness with slight motions of light and the sounds of
silence in Erik’s head.

Erik was exhausted and distraught. He had finally let his emotions out
and confessed them to Lara. In one moment, those feelings were being
reciprocated in the act of love they made together. In the next minute,
he found out it was all a lie, nothing more than another way for Lola to
appear and be whatever she needed to be at that moment.

"Erik? ... Erik? ... Air, rick?" The light washed out the darkness and
Jessica finally came into focus. His eyes opened widely, acknowledging
her.

"Are you OK?" Jessica asked.

"I... I’m not... feeling well..."

"Are you sick?"

"I don’t know."

"You look tired."

"I am," Erik said. "I’m very tired."

"What are you doing tonight?" Jessica asked.

"I... I’m not sure..."

"You want to hang out tonight?"

Erik looks at Jessica. The question surprised him. "What?"

"Do you want to watch a movie after dinner?" Jessica asked.

"With me?" Erik asked.

Jessica eyes him curiously. "Yeaaaahhhh?" she draws out.

Erik pauses, staring at her, realizing that he didn’t acknowledge to
himself just how beautiful she looked, like he did every other day he
saw her.

"Yes," he finally says nodding. A dark cloud finally lifted inside of
his brain after hours of haze. "Yes I would. I really would. I would
love to. I mean... Yes..."

Jessica started to crack a smile. "Your room? After dinner??"

"Yes... I would love... Yes... Yes..." He sounded like a broken robot,
nodding as he spoke.

Jessica wrote down her cell phone number and handed it to Erik. "Text
me, so I have your number," she said. Then, she turned around as class
started. Erik finally stopped nodding as he looked at the paper. Erik
grabbed his cell phone and texted a smiley face to Jessica and put his
phone down. Now that class had started, Erik's mind slowly descended
back into oblivion. Jessica’s leave from the conversation along with a
lack of an objective to keep his mind busy returned Erik's haze. The
darkness filled Erik’s head again, and he zoned out. The class was over
before Erik knew it.

At the end of class, Erik and Jessica stood up and walked out together.

"So, what do you want to watch tonight?" Jessica asks.

"We’re going to watch a movie right?" Erik snapping back out of his
stupor.

"Yes, what movie would you like to see?" Jessica persists.

"I like movies...," Erik says.

"Great, what kind of movie do you want to watch?"

Erik’s eyes darted back and forth. He wasn’t sure what to say to
Jessica.

"I like movies... I like... All kinds of movies... Umm like the one with
the idiots who run everything in the future."

"OK," Jessica said. "Let’s watch that one."

"YES! The idiot democracy!" Erik said. "Or yeah, whatever you want."
Erik was now just saying the things that came into his mind. His
internal filters were torn down, and he had no control over the words
that were coming out of his mouth.

"OK....," Jessica said eyeballing him curiously. "Lexi has one of those
movie stick things where you can watch brand new movies. Maybe she can
let me borrow it."

"I have one of those...," Erik said. "I like movies...," he said again.

"OK...," Jessica started back. "Great. I do too. Let’s pick one from
there."

"Yeah!," Erik said raising his voice. "I didn’t know you like movies
too. We should watch movies together." He stared at her smiling, eyes
open wide, like an inmate at an insane asylum.

Jessica was confused, and she stared back at him, trying to figure out
why he was acting like he couldn’t talk like a regular person. "...
Yeah, that’s... Whatever. Here's my cell phone number." Jessica hands
Erik a piece of paper. "I'll see you tonight."

After dinner, Erik was cleaning up his room at a snail’s pace. All day,
his brain had been fired off in several directions at once. He texted
Jessica his room number and started to clean his room. It was a roller
coaster 24 hours, and although he really liked Jessica, he didn’t know
what to do or what to say to her when she arrived. She was due to come
over in the next 15 minutes, but Erik was so mentally exhausted that all
he could do was clean his room.

Erik managed to finish cleaning his room just before Jessica arrived.
Erik’s TV was on, and the movie stick was on the search page. The door
was open, and Jessica walked in. "Knock, knock?" she said.

"Hi," Erik said in a tired voice.

"Hey," Jessica said. "So, you ready?"

"Yeah."

They both took a seat on Erik’s foam, two-person foldaway couch. Jessica
picked out a romantic comedy. The two sat and watched as the movie
started. Jessica kept glancing over at Erik who was sitting quietly, not
doing anything. His eyes were heavy, and he looked like he was not
interested in the movie. Jessica decided to try and curl up next to
Erik.

Jessica first attempted to put her head on Erik’s shoulder, but Erik was
too far away. Jessica squirmed on the couch, trying to find a
comfortable position as she moved closer to him. She wasn’t able to find
a position that brought her closer to Erik and felt cozy for her. She
would adjust and then put her head on his shoulder. Then, lift her head
up, adjust again and repeat. Erik didn’t know what to do. His eyes
widened in confusion, as they darted around the room. After a minute of
moving around, she finally found a position that felt satisfying.
However, after sitting still for a few moments, she found it to be
unpleasant. Jessica tried to maneuver herself in a way where her legs
ended up half hanging off of the foam couch, and her head and shoulders
were riding up Erik’s chest.

Erik’s face started to crinkle in confusion. "What is happening?" Erik
said to himself, unsure of what to do. In this position, Jessica was
trying to force Erik to put his arm around her, but instead, he
continued to stay in his fixed, statuesque position. Despite the
challenge, Jessica persisted. She couldn’t get comfortable or achieve
her desired goal, so she continued moving around on her side of the
couch. Erik remained unsure of what to do, so he just maintained his
current stance. Jessica tried to turn once more, and she fell off of the
couch onto the floor with a thump.

"Are you alright?" Erik says looking at her curiously.

"Umm, yeah...," Jessica said. "Can we unfold this thing or something? I
can’t get comfortable."

"Sure," Erik said standing up. Erik unfolded the foam couch so now it
acted as a bed with a backrest. Erik and Jessica sat up against the
headrest, but before Erik could put his right hand down, Jessica slammed
into his side to claim her spot next to him. Erik winced slightly.

"Oops," Jessica said. "Sorry."

"Uh, no problem," Erik said quickly. He was holding his arm up unsure
what to do like he had a question in class. Finally, he started to bring
it down to Jessica's back and shoulders slowly. Erik was totally
clueless and didn’t realize that this is what Jessica was trying to get
him to do this whole time. He was nervous and was ready to lift up his
arm if she showed any sign of discomfort. Instead, she smiled and leaned
her head against his. Erik smiled too, and his worries washed away. He
was now very comfortable with Jessica.

Erik felt great. He wasn’t even paying attention to the movie. Having
his arm around Jessica, feeling her warmth up against his body, smelling
her sweet hair, this was bliss for him. Erik was in a complete state of
relaxation. He was so comfortable that he didn’t notice just how tired
he was getting. The movie played on and Erik was falling asleep on the
couch.

Suddenly, Erik jolts awake snapping his head forward. He had been
leaning backward over the headrest. His mouth was dry, and his neck was
sore. There was daylight coming through the window, and he was alone.
The TV was off, and he was still wearing the same clothes from the night
before. "What the fuck?" Erik thought. "What just happened? Did I dream
all that? Was she really here? Where did she go?" Erik looked around the
room for Jessica. That’s when he saw the time on his alarm clock and
realized that he was going to be late for class.

Erik hurried out and ran to class. Erik’s mind started racing again.
"She’s going to hate me," he thought. "You fell asleep on her dipshit!
She curls up to you, you have your arm around her, and you fucking fall
asleep! Fuck! Yeah, she probably thinks you’re fucking pathetic. Way to
fuck that one up Erik!"

When Erik arrived in class, Jessica was already there. She sees him
wearing the same clothes as the night before, and she cracks a smile,
but quickly looks back to the front of the class avoiding eye contact.
Erik took a seat behind Jessica and was just about to talk to her when
Professor Hand started class. Erik thought, "I’ll tell her I’m sorry
after class. We’ll watch another movie; everything will be fine."

At the end of class, Erik gathered his things and was about to begin
talking to her. Suddenly, another student who sat right beside Jessica
starts talking to her. "What the fuck is this?" Erik thought. They
walked out the door together and chatted as they made their way down the
hall. They continued talking at the bus stop. When the bus arrived, they
took seats next to each other and continued their conversation. All the
while, Erik was standing behind them with a look of bewilderment on his
face, trying to find his opening so he can interject and say something
to Jessica.

Just before their stop, Jessica gives the boy her number, and as soon as
the bus stops, they walk off and part ways. Erik exits the bus and
watches Jessica walk away toward the girl's side of the dorm. "FUCK!,"
he screams in his head. "This... This right here... This is why you
can’t have nice things... Cause you have no idea how to care for them...
A hot girl asks to watch a movie with you. She throws herself on you.
And what do you do? You fall asleep on her and don’t say shit about it
the next time you see her. You are pathetic."

Erik walks back to his room, sullen. He showers and then he sits down at
his desk. He’s looking downward, still feeling like he fucked up
something that could have been special. He glances over and sees the USB
stick that contains Lara’s files. "Fuck it... I’ve got work to do," he
says to himself. The thought of finishing Lara’s site was enough to
block out his negativity and do something else.

Erik goes into his closet and pulls out an older laptop. He opens it and
then inserts a CD in the drive to boot into a Live-CD environment for
virus scanning. Then, he plugs in the USB stick that has Lara’s website
files and starts a scan.

Next, Erik goes back to his main laptop and logs into Lara’s website to
start a new restore task. Just before he began the restore, he fixes the
plugin’s bad code and then loads the full website back. Erik changes all
the admin passwords and the API account password. Then, he looks at the
Live-CD laptop and it’s done, showing no viruses or malware detected.
Erik takes out the USB Drive and plugs in another one that contains
Lara’s laptop files. Again, Erik runs another scan on this data.

Erik turns back to his main laptop and plugs in the USB drive. Erik
uploads the image and video files back to Lara’s restored site. Next, he
restores the database on the USB Drive to a database on his laptop and
begins to search through records on the database. He’s able to extract a
list of videos and who is tagged on them. He puts that information into
a spreadsheet and saves it to his laptop. "This is going to take a lot
of time to go through each video and tag the right user," Erik thought.
"Wait... Fuck it... Let her do it. If she wants it back up and running
so badly, she can take the time to do the tedious work."

Erik then opens up a free file hosting service account and uploads the
spreadsheet. Erik began setting up sharing access with Lara’s email
address, and he starts to write her a message saying that he restored
the videos and images on the site, but she will need to re-tag the
correct users in the videos. Just before he was going to send the
message, he noticed that it was time for his next class. Erik saved the
message and left for class.

Erik rode the bus to his next class. As he walked into the classroom, he
noticed that Jessica was sitting there already. "I’m not waiting this
time," Erik says to himself. Erik walked by Jessica and sits down behind
her. As soon as he puts his backpack down, he leans forward and taps her
on the shoulder. She looks back slightly.

"Hi," Erik says.

"Hi," Jessica responds.

"Look, I’m sorry about last night."

"It’s fine."

"OK, well I had fun, and I’d like to watch another movie with you again
if you would like to."

"Are you well rested now," Jessica says sarcastically.

"Yes. Again, I’m really sorry."

"I’m fucking with you, Erik."

"Oh, yeah... OK."

"You free tonight?" Jessica asks.

"I wish I was," Erik said. "I have this one last thing I need to do for
work and then... Well... I guess work is pretty much done for me then."

"Then maybe some other time then?" Jessica asks.

"Yeah, how ab...," Erik starts just before the instructor enters.

"Good afternoon everyone," the instructor says. Let’s get started."

Erik leans back in his chair as the instructor begins class.

During class, Jessica gets a text message. She pulls out her phone and
responds. Erik can’t see what the message was, only that she was
responding to it. She put her phone in her bag and continued paying
attention to class. Erik kept thinking about how he would ask her about
getting together again. He thought about it the entire class.

After class, Erik goes up to Jessica again. "So, hey how about
tomorrow?" he asks her.

"What?" she asks not understanding what the question is related to.

"For another movie? Does tomorrow work for you?"

"I don’t know. Maybe. I’ll let you know tomorrow."

"OK," Erik said. "You going back to the dorms?"

"No," Jessica said. "I’m meeting someone from dinner."

"Oh, I thought you were free tonight," Erik said curiously.

"I was," Jessica said. "Now, I’m not. I’ll see you tomorrow Erik."

"For a movie?"

"For class," Jessica said as she turned and walked away. Erik was confused,
but decided not to read too much into it.

Erik took the bus back to the dorms and rushed back to his room. Erik
looked at the Live-CD laptop and saw that it was finished scanning.
There were a few files cleaned and others that were removed. Erik picked
out all of Lara’s Documents, Music, Videos, and other files that she
would probably want and uploaded them to the file hosting service
account that Erik created for Lara.

Just as Erik started the file copy, he received an incoming call on his
cellphone. The screen read "Mom." Erik answered the call and held the
phone to his ear.

"Hey, mom."

"Erik? Are you ok? Did something happen?"

"What are you talking about?"

"I received a letter in the mail about insurance coverage for a doctor
visit at the university emergency room. Wh.. happen.. .. .. ok?" The
phone was cutting in and out.

"It’s nothing mom. I tripped."

"What?"

"I took a spill."

"What???" Erik’s mother kept getting louder, so Erik got louder as well.

"I... FELL..."

"WHAT????"

"MOM! I FELL DOWN!"

"HOW????"

"IT’S A LONG STORY"

"Why are you yelling at me?"

"I’m not. I just..."

"Oh my God, I knew this was a bad idea. I'll be right there to pick you
up."

"No wait, mom!"

"You're coming home so you can heal. We'll figure it all out next
semester. Just hang on baby, mommy's coming to get you!"

"Mom!"

"Erik, I ..."

"MOM!!! Stop!"

Erik’s door swings open startling Erik. Erik’s mom rushes into the room.
"Alright baby. Mommy’s here." She gives Erik a big hug. "Where does it
hurt? Oh, my poor baby. I’m so sorry. I should have been here. This was
a bad idea."

Steve and Bret walk up to the open doorway and see Erik’s mom hugging
him. Steve gets an interested look on his face and starts to walk into
the room with a suave-like swagger. Bret grabs him by the shoulder and
shakes his head "no." Bret walks back down the hall toward his own room,
out of view of the doorway. Steve stands there in the doorway and his
facial expression changes as if he has something to say. Just as Steve
opens his mouth, Bret’s hand reaches out and pulls Steve by the shirt,
dragging Steve away from view.

"Mom!", Erik says to stop her from hugging him. "I’m fine. I broke my
nose when I fell, and I went to the hospital to have it reset. It’s
healed now. I’m OK."

"Are you sure? What do you need? Do you need food? I’ll go pickup food."

"No mom, seriously. I’m fine. Thanks for coming, but I’m fine."

"I was worried sick when I read the letter."

"Why didn’t you just call me?"

"Well... I did... but you didn’t pick up."

"I only saw one call from you just now."

"Then let’s get you a new cell phone, so you can always get momma’s
calls."

"Mom! I’m fine. Seriously. You shouldn’t have come all the way here."
Erik’s mom looked a little hurt for not being able to "save the day."

"Alright baby. I’m sorry. I’ll go home now. Just next time, tell me when
this happens."

"OK, mom." She gives Erik a big hug and a kiss on his forehead. She
walks out the door and turns to walk to the elevators. Erik’s mom walks
down the hall and passes Bret’s room. Bret and Steve are talking
outside.

"Hello Mrs. McMurphy," Bret says.

"Hello. Bret right?"

"Yes. It’s good to see you again." She looks at Steve.

"Are you the guy that lives at the end of the hall?"

"Yes ma’am," Steve says with a huge smile on his face.

"I’ve got my eye on you," Erik’s mom says to Steve holding her hand up,
point to her eyes and then pointing to Steve.

"Right back at you," Steve says, still smiling. Erik’s mom looks him up
and down with a cautious eye and then walks to the elevators. She walks
into the elevator and then steps out and makes the same motion, pointing
to her eyes and then pointing to Steve. Steve does the same motion back.

Bret and Steve head down the hall to Erik’s room and walk through the
door.

"Saw your...," Bret started.

"Dude, your mom is fucking hot!", Steve says cutting off Bret. Erik
spins around and sees Steve with an intense look and a large smile.

"Fuck you!", Erik says to Steve.

"Does she have a boyfriend?", Steve asks.

"Fuck you!", Erik says louder.

"Put in a good word for me," Steve says.

"Fuck!... you!", Erik says slowly.

"No I won’t fuck you, but her... Damn..." Steve looks up as if he’s
daydreaming about it.

"ASSHOLE!", Erik yells at Steve.

"Well yeah, if she’ll let me, sure. Is she into that?", Steve asks. Erik
walks forward and Bret steps in between them.

"Oh, Kay! Let’s go have dinner!", Bret says.

"Man, I would love some aged oysters and clams," Steve said turning
around to walk out the door. Erik goes to lunge at him. Bret holds him
back.

"Don’t encourage him," Bret says to Erik. "He’s trolling you. Just...
let it go."

After dinner, Erik tells Bret and Steve he has more work to do. Erik
heads back to his room and gets back to Lara’s website. Erik sits down
at his computer and writes up instructions for Lara so she can set up
the upload plugin on her laptop along with all the information she needs
to manage her website. He added this information to the message that he
started to write before his math class. Erik copies all the passwords he
has for the website and stores them into a secure password manager file
that is password protected. Erik uploads that file to the hosting
service as well.

Erik takes one last full backup of the website and uploads that to the
file hosting web service. Erik continues to write the instructions for
Lara to take backups. In the message, Erik recommends that she take
backups at least once per week and upload them to some remote file
hosting service. He signs off the message with:

I can’t be your web guy anymore. I’m sorry.

I wish you the best.

Love,

Erik

In the end, Erik had written Lara a good technical guide for what he did
to restore the site and manage it. Whether or not Lara would understand
any of it was not Erik’s concern. He did his job, and that was enough
for him to feel like he can walk away from the situation with a clear
conscience. The emotion of letting go for the final time left Erik
feeling very uncomfortable. He sat there looking at the unsent message.
His mind began to wander. "What if Marvin has access to her email?" Erik
thought. "If I send this, he’ll know who I am, if he doesn’t already.
Fuck, I just want this to be over... I’m running this over to her."

Erik takes a copy of all the backups and pastes it onto a red USB Drive.
Then, Erik copied the contents of the email to a file called letter.txt
and saved it to the USB Drive. Erik adds a note to the file that says:
"Keep the USB Drive somewhere safe. This is a full offline backup of
your website."

Erik rips out a blank piece of paper from his notebook. On the paper,
Erik writes a short note that says:

Lara,

Your website is on this drive.

Read letter.txt.

Good luck.

Love,

Erik

Erik pulls the USB Drive from his computer and wraps the paper around
it. There was a crack of thunder and rain was pouring outside. Erik
could see that the wind was carrying the rainwater in through the window
screen and onto his floor. Erik walked over and shut the window. He
looked at his alarm, and it read 11:00 PM.

Erik put the paper wrapped USB drive in his pocket and ran to Lara’s
apartment in the pouring rain. Erik arrived at Lara’s front door,
completely soaked. He stepped out of the rain, blocked by the overhang
above her front door. The front light at the door was tinted red making
the door look like it was painted red. Erik walked right up to the front
door. His shadow casts upon the red door, painting it black. Erik
reached into his pocket and pulled out the paper wrapped USB drive and
paused.

"This is it," Erik thought. "My last chance to turn back. If I give her
this drive, the story ends, and I wake up tomorrow without her in my
life. If I knock on the door, I stay here, and I see what the
possibilities are. Fuck. Do I want to go down this rabbit hole?"

Erik clenched the USB drive in his hand tightly. Then, he dropped it in
the mailbox next to the door.

The street light was tinted blue, giving the street a lightish blue hue.
Erik walked backward from Lara’s doorway back into the rain. Erik stood
in the light blue street looking at Lara’s red door. Then, he turned to
run back towards the dorms.
