Chapter 23
==========

<br />

Erik was walking on campus in the middle of the day when he came to an
open courtyard. He saw two girls sitting together on a bench, talking.
The sky was blue, the sun was shining, and the faint sound of birds
chirping could be heard. As Erik walked closer, he could see that the
two girls were Jessica and Lara. Lara was wearing a skintight red dress
that was sucked onto her body. Jessica was wearing a modest blue
sundress that had a floral pattern. Lara was smiling, but Jessica looked
unhappy. As Erik approached, they both looked at him. Erik stopped and
stared back at them.

"She’s nice Erik," Lara says. "But, she can’t give you what you want."

"I can’t compete with her," Jessica says. "And, I don’t want to. You
need to choose."

"You don’t need to choose with me," Lara says. "Do whatever you want."

"I chose," Erik said. "Jessica, I..."

"You didn’t choose her," Lara cut him off. "You chose me, and I gave you
everything you wanted."

"It’s all a lie," Erik said.

"It’s what you want," Lara said. "You don’t want her." Jessica brought
her hands to her face as she started to cry. She quickly stood up and
ran away.

"Jessica!," Erik yelled running after her. Lara ran after him. Erik was
gaining on Jessica. Off in the distance to the right of Jessica, Erik
saw a figure in a green hoodie. Suddenly, he materialized into a puff of
smoke, dropping the hoodie to the ground. Out of the smoke flew a purple
butterfly which flew toward Jessica. The sight of this metamorphosis
amazed Erik, but he was still running toward Jessica. He was catching up
with her. However, the scene of butterfly creation distracted him and
didn’t notice Lara, who suddenly tackled Erik to the ground. Lara took
him by complete surprise and was overpowering Erik. She turned Erik onto
his back and held his wrists down as she straddled him. The red dress
was nowhere in sight, and Lara was now naked.

"This is what you want Erik," Lara said. "This is what you need." Erik
looked down and realized that he was now naked as well. His erection was
standing at attention and Lara was backing into it. Lara’s eyes were
darkening to a deep purple, and she had a devious smile on her face.

"No!," Erik yelled. "I don’t want this! I want to be with Jessica! I
chose her!"

Lara pulled both of Erik’s arms together over Erik’s head. With one
hand, she was able to pin both of Erik’s wrists together against the
ground. She raised her ass in the air and then slammed down hard onto
Erik. The action slammed his dick into her pussy. His cock was deep
inside her. Within a few seconds and with no movement at all, he came
inside her. Erik was frozen in a state of confused, terrified pleasure.
His mouth was open taking short, shallow breaths as he continued to cum,
over and over again. The cum was overflowing and now leaking out of
Lara’s pussy, down Erik’s balls, and dripping onto a puddle that was
forming beneath them.

"You’ll never have her," Lara’s voice said demonically as the world
turned red and the ground erupted in flames around them. Lara leaned
down, getting closer to Erik’s face as she continued to speak calmly in
her demonic voice. "You don’t really want her. All you want... All you
need... Is right... here..." Lara held up the middle finger of her free
hand, palm facing inward. From Erik’s point of view, it’s as if she was
saying "Fuck You" to Erik by giving him the finger. With a flash, the
hand suddenly erupted in fire. Erik’s eyes refocused, but Lara was no
longer visible. Instead, there was a female creature on top of him that
was black as night, like a solid shadow.

The head of the creature looked like that of a dead cow that was on
fire. Its breasts were larger than Lara’s and the nipples were sticking
straight out. The stomach of the creature was very large and curved out
forward beyond its breasts. Erik could see outlines of something pushing
at the creature’s stomach from the inside. Erik would see the outline as
a lighter color. It would drag across the creature’s belly and then
disappear. Then, a new outline would appear for a second and then
disappear.

Erik could feel the heat of the flames from the creature’s hand on his
face. The creature’s middle finger was glowing red hot. It brought the
finger up to the side of Erik’s head and began to burn into his skull.
The pain was searing but caused Erik to cum even more. The puddle of cum
grew quickly and had spread all around them. Erik’s whole body was
laying in the large puddle of his cum. The creature’s finger burned
deeper into Erik’s head until it was completely inside his skull. Erik’s
eyes turned black. Erik was in immense pain which spread to his entire
body. His dick began to expel blood, which overflowed out of the
creature’s pussy and into the pool of cum beneath them. The blood
surrounded the inner edges of the pool, with the white cum on the
outside edge and Erik and the creature in the middle.

Suddenly, the creature’s stomach tore open. Black blood overflowed out
of the wound as a tiny, red hand emerged. A smaller version of the
creature’s head became visible. It was finding it’s way outside of the
larger creature’s belly. When it was free, the smaller creature’s head
erupted in flames as it cried out with an ear piercing sound. The fire
around all of them intensified, and the flames consumed them.

Erik jolted awake to his alarm clock. He was breathing heavily, but
quickly realized it was all a nightmare. However, this realization was
not enough to calm himself down. He was naked in bed, except for his
socks, and his dick was as hard as a rock. He ran out of his bed to his
chair, opened the first porn video he could find, and relieved himself.
He sat there, reflecting on his morbid, delusional fantasy, and coming
down from his orgasm. The calming effect gave him the rational moment he
needed to convince himself that it was just a dream that meant nothing.
Once he finally came to this realization, Erik started his day. He
showered and got ready for class. Erik took the bus to class, and when
he arrived, Jessica was already in there. She was speaking to the same
boy from the day prior.

Erik sat behind Jessica and watched the two of them talking. They were
both having a conversation about some movie that they had seen years
ago. They seemed extremely friendly today, which was a big difference
from their interactions the day prior. They were gushing over each other
to the point where Erik was getting jealous of their flirtatious
mannerisms during the exchange. That’s when Erik noticed something.
"Wasn’t Jessica wearing those same clothes yesterday?" Erik looked at
the boy. The boy was smiling as he talked to Jessica. Erik noticed that
the boy wore the same shirt as he did the day prior, a white shirt that
had this writing on the back: "Will you, won’t you join the dance?"
Then, he looked at Jessica who was also smiling back. They both looked
tired, but very happy.

"FUCK!!!!!!!!," Erik screamed in his head. "FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!!!!!" Erik
sat back in his chair and felt like he was going to cry. "Maybe we can
watch another movie tonight?" the boy said. "I can make you some of the
beautiful soup." They both smiled at what appeared to be an inside joke.
Erik silently mouthed the words "beautiful soup" in disgusted confusion,
followed by "what the fuck?"

"Maybe," Jessica said. "I’ll have to get back to my room first and check
my schedule."

"Alright everyone," Professor Hand said. "Come on. Come on. Let’s get
started." He was attempting to get the classes’ attention to begin.

Erik put his head in his hands. "I can’t fucking believe I blew this
already," he thought. "Fucking amazing. Just fucking awesome. Fucking
incredible. Fucking unbelievable. Fucking... Fucking... FUCK!" Erik
zoned out. He didn’t notice class started. He didn’t notice class was in
session. He didn’t notice class ended. He wasn’t finished punishing
himself for messing this up.

"Fuck, Fuck, Fuck...," he just kept saying to himself in his head, over
and over again all the way back to the dorm. "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck..."
Erik went up to his room and locked his door. "Fuck, Fuck..." Then, he
took off all his clothes and started binge watching porn. "Fuck..." All
he wanted to do now was fuck the pain away. "Fuck... Fuuuckkkk... Fu...
ck..."

After his 4th straight orgasm, his brain had silenced, and he was
exhausted from the emotional defeat and his physical masturbation. He
was so tired that he decided to take a nap. He crawled into bed, pulled
the sheet on himself, and fell asleep. Erik slept straight through his
2nd class and woke up just in time for dinner. He dressed, walked
downstairs, and ate alone in the cafeteria.

Then, Erik decided to walk to the convenience store across the street.
He bought a pack of cigarettes (the same brand as the pack that Bret
gave to him) and sat outside in the courtyard, chain-smoking cigarettes
one-by-one. This gave him a perpetual "buzz-like" feeling which helped
numb his pain. He smoked until he felt sick to his stomach. Then he
stopped, laid down on the ground, and looked up at the sky as the sun
was setting. Erik tried to stay still or else he felt he would throw up
all over himself. After about an hour of wallowing in self-pity and
nausea, he felt it was time to "go somewhere else." Erik decided to go
back to his room.

Erik rode the elevator up to his floor. He walked down the hallway
toward his room. As he moved closer to his room, Bret exits the bathroom
wearing nothing but boxers and flip-flops.

"What the fuck are you doing here?" Bret asked.

"I’m going to my room," Erik says confused.

"I thought you were busy tonight."

"I’m not," Erik said. "I was just... out..."

"So you’re free?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Jessica was asking about you," Bret said.

"Really?" Erik asked, his heart racing at the thought that Jessica
wanted to be with him.

"Yeah," Bret said. "At dinner."

"Where is she?" Erik asked.

"I don’t know; she’s gone now..."

"Fuck..."

"I gotta go," Bret says. "I’ll catch up with you tomorrow." Bret walked
back to his room and locked the door.

"Alright," Erik said as Bret walked away. Erik stood there, confused
about the information he was just given.

"Did I just fuck this up AGAIN by not being around?" Erik thought to
himself. "Can I fucking do anything right?" Erik turned around and
walked to his room. He closed the door behind him and sat at his desk.
"This day can’t get any fucking worse. I’m just staying here where I
can’t miss anything or do anything else stupid."

Erik sat down at his desk and stared at his laptop. As usual, his mind
wandered toward sex. "Ah, Fuck it...," he thought to himself, getting
hard. Erik opens his "Jessica Porn" folder. He stood up and locked the
door to his room, as he prepared himself for a night of masturbation. He
takes off his clothes and sits back down at his desk. He opens a video
and fast forwards to the end where the guy prepares to give fake-Jessica
a facial. Erik begins jerking off frantically. He quickly shoots one off
and cleans himself up with a tissue.

Suddenly, Erik hears a knock at the door. He ignores it as he keeps
jerking off, thinking that it’s Bret again.

"Erik, it’s Jessica," a voice says from the other side of the door.

"Wha... Fuck!," Erik thinks releasing his grip on himself. With a sudden
burst of panicked energy, he plants his feet into the ground to stand
up. Instead, his chair launches backward and falls on the ground with
Erik still sitting in it. Erik’s arms and legs stand straight into the
air, like a turtle laying backward on its shell. Erik’s arms and legs
then collapse downward as he rushes to stand himself up. Erik stands up
in a daze and lifts up his fallen chair. Erik then rushes to put his
clothes back on, even though he still has a raging erection. He pulls
his clothes on quickly and runs to the door, red-faced, breathing
heavily with sweat lightly glistening on his forehead. Erik swings the
door open very fast in one sudden movement, which startles Jessica.

"Hi!," Erik says loudly.

"Hi. Are you ok?" Jessica asks.

"Yeah, why?" Erik says breathing heavily.

"Were you... busy with something?" Jessica asked curiously.

"Umm, no," Erik says quickly shaking his head. "Nope, nope, not at all."

"You weren’t like jerking off or anything right?" Jessica says jokingly
with a smile.

Erik freezes in panic. His face couldn’t get any redder, but he could
feel the heat radiating off his pores through his lips and eyes. "...
Ha... ha... Haha...," Erik laughs nervously. "That’s funny. I was...
Cleaning up... Yeah..."

"At 11:30 at night?"

"Yeah," Erik says. "Never too late... To... clean up..."

"I think I left something here. Can I come in and look for it?"

"Sure," Erik says stepping back from the door. She walks in and Erik
adjusts himself since his dick was bulging through his pants. There are
clothes scattered all over. The foam couch is still flipped out on the
floor in the bed mode from 2 nights ago.

Jessica notices that the room was in disarray. "I thought you were
cleaning up?" she asks.

"I was...," Erik said. "But then you knocked... And I stopped..."

"O... K...," Jessica says slowly.

"So... What brings you by? Oh, you left something... Right... So... What
was it?"

"I think I left some clothes here?" Jessica says. "Did you see anything
that wasn’t yours?"

"Umm, no," Erik said. "But, I hadn’t made my way over there yet."
Jessica walked over to the foam couch that they sat on yesterday. Then,
she picked up two socks. "Found them," she said.

"Oh, good," Erik said confused.

"She came back for socks?" Erik thought.

"I should go," Jessica said.

"OK," Erik said. Jessica walked to the door and Erik followed behind
her.

Jessica walked back out of the door and then turned around to face Erik.

"Good night," Jessica said.

"Good night," Erik said. Jessica slowly turned to leave. Erik walked out
of his room and watched her walk down the hall. When she was out of
sight, he stepped back into his room and closed the door. Erik was tired
but was happy that he was able to see Jessica, even if it was for only a
moment.

"She could have been with that other guy tonight, but instead she was by
herself," Erik thought. "Maybe she does like me?" Either way, Erik felt
like he needed to finish what he started before the interruption. Erik
sat down at his computer. He opened his "Jessica porn" folder, and he
resumed fucking himself.

Erik’s erection was coming back as he watched "fake Jessica" eye fuck
the camera while blowing the cameraman. But then, Erik began to feel
strange about what he was doing. He couldn’t put himself back inside his
fantasyland. For some reason, it was now too real to be a fantasy. He
stopped masturbating and paused the video, staring at "fake Jessica"
with cum all over her face and a seductive, "come fuck me look" in her
eyes. Erik continued to stare trying to get back there; trying to bring
himself back there where he could feel "fake Jessica" sucking his cock.
He tried and he tried, but he couldn’t return himself to this fantasy.

Erik looked down and his dick was softening. He felt that something
wasn't the same and he didn’t know what or why. Erik opened up a tube
porn site and searched "Asian reverse cowgirl anal", his personal
favorite. Erik watched the video. Slowly, his erection came back. Erik
was able to put himself back in the zone. He was there, fucking the
asian porn star, and cumming in her ass.

Erik woke up Saturday late morning and walked to the bathroom. Bret was
standing at the sinks in a towel, brushing his teeth.

"Hey," Erik said.

"Yo," Bret says. "So... Why aren’t you making a move on her?"

"What?"

"Why aren’t you going after her?"

"What do you mean?"

"Dude," Bret says. "C’mon man. She comes to your place at 11:30 to pick
up her socks? And you don’t even fucking touch her?"

Erik was shocked that news of his night with Jessica had traveled so
quickly. "We talked for awhile," Erik responded.

"We talked for awhile," Bret says dopily, mocking Erik. "Are you in the
1st grade? Dude, she wants to be with you."

"Really?"

"What the fuck," Bret said in disbelief. "Are you that fucking dense?
She’s throwing herself at you, and she wants you to take charge."

"Of what?"

"Of her!"

Erik was confused. "Like manhandle her?" Erik said.

Bret paused and stared at Erik. "Do I really need to explain the fucking
birds and bees to you?" Bret finally responded.

"I’m not good with girls.," Erik said.

"No fucking shit."

"I don’t know what to do."

"How about trying to kiss her to start?" Bret said. "A girl doesn’t come
over to your place that late just to pick up her fucking socks. She
wants to be with you. She wants you, to want to be with her. Fucking
take the bait and go fuck around."

"Fuck around?"

"Mess around, fool around, whatever you want to call it. Just... have
fun and stop acting like a little bitch."

"So... she wants me... to take charge... and just do it?" Erik said
slowly.

"Yes."

"Alright. I can do that."

"Good. Call her.," Bret said.

"What?"

"Call her. Now. Tell her you want to hang out again tonight."

"Really?"

"YES!," Bret said.

"Will that work?"

"YES!," Bret said again.

"That’s all I have to do?"

Bret had lost his patience. "Sprechen zi Deutsche you fucking douche?"
Bret said. "Si! YES, mother fucker! What fucking language do I need to
say it in! YES, now go do it!"

"OK," Erik said. After Erik used the bathroom, he went back to his room
and paced the floor for awhile.

"She wants me to take charge?" Erik thought. Erik’s daydreams went to
images of him grabbing her hair and yanking back as he fucked her from
behind. Erik sits down as he dreams of pushing her over his desk and
fucking her deep and hard.

"Oh Erik!," Jessica says in his daydream. "Your cock is so big!"

Erik slaps her ass hard as he continues to fuck her, the sound of his
thighs and balls smacking against her ass echo throughout the room.

Erik closes his eyes and unzips his pants. He pulls out his cock and
starts masturbating as the fantasy continues to unfold in his head. One
hand is holding down his pants while the other is frantically jerking
himself off.

"Stick it in my ass, Erik," Jessica says in the dream. "I want to feel
your big thick cock deep in my tight little ass." Erik slaps her ass
again and pulls out of Jessica. He licks his thumb, so it was coated in
saliva. Then, he moves his thumb down inside the crack of her ass, and
he slowly circles it around her small hole. He inserts the thumb and
moves it in and out slightly. Then, he licks his fingers and covers the
head of his cock. Erik positions himself back behind Jessica and begins
to ease his cock into her asshole. Erik gets the tip in, feeling the
tight sensation closing around him.

The door to the room swings open. "I need forty...," Steve said as he
barrels into the room, half stumbling. He sees Erik masturbating in full
view of the door. "Whoa... That’s beautiful, man... Nice dick."

Erik’s eyes opened wide at the sight of Steve standing in his doorway
with a smile on his face, watching Erik jerk off. Erik frantically tried
to cover himself, attempting to stuff his dick back into his pants.
"WHAT THE FUCK STEVE?!?" Erik yelled.

"Keep going," Steve says hunched over looking around the room. "Just
need money."

"DON’T YOU FUCKING KNOCK!?!," Erik continued to yell.

"Don’t I...," Steve looked upward, thinking about the answer. He looked
back at Erik, shrugging. "Door was open." Steve saw Erik’s wallet on the
desk. "There.." He walked over to the wallet, took out some money and
put the wallet back down on the desk.

"NO, IT WASN’T!" Erik yelled. "STOP!" Erik was caught between trying to
get out of the chair and trying to put himself back together. He flailed
in large motions as his body moved in different directions.

"Got it... Later...," Steve said stumbling out of the room with the
money. Erik finally gets himself put away and hurries to the door to see
Steve stumbling into Bret’s room. Erik started to head toward Bret’s
room and then stops, feeling his erection pressing out from his pants.

"Fuck!," Erik said as he looked down. He walked back into his room and
finds a button up flannel shirt that he puts on and buttons up. He
looked at himself again and could no longer see his erection through his
pants. Erik still felt uncomfortable, so he put his hand down the front
of his pants and adjusted himself again. Then, he pulled the flannel
down to cover the bulge.

Erik walked out of his room and saw Steve at the door to his own room.

"Hey!," Erik yelled out. "Give me my money back!"

"Bret has it," Steve said walking into his own room. Erik stopped in
front of Bret’s room and stood there, trying to come up with a response.
Instead, he turned and walked into Bret’s room.

"You have my money?" Erik asked. Bret stood there looking at Erik with a
strange expression.

"Your money?" Bret asked. "What are you talking about?"

"Steve just stole money out of my wallet and walked in here with it,"
Erik explained. "Then he said you have it."

"So you aren’t giving him money?" Bret asked.

"Fuck no," Erik said. "He’s stolen from me twice now. He just barges
into my room and takes it."

"Shit," Bret said. Bret walked out of his room and toward Steve’s room
down the hall. Erik followed him. Bret started pounding on Steve’s door.
"Hey! Open the fucking door!" Bret tried the handle, and the door was
locked. "Fuck," Bret says turning to Erik. "You got a credit card on
you?"

"No," Erik said. "My wallet is still in my room." Bret walked back to
his own room, and Erik continued to follow him. Inside, Bret grabbed his
wallet and opened it. He pulled out a battered credit card and put his
wallet down back on his desk. The two exited Bret’s room and then walked
back to Steve’s room. Bret inserted the credit card into the gap between
the door and the frame and started pushing and pulling it with force.
Bret leaned into the door to widen the gap between the door and the
frame. After a few seconds, the door opened, and Bret rushed in.

"Hey Asshole, give me back...," Bret starts to say until he sees that
Steve is lying on the ground twitching. Next to him, there was a mixture
of white powder and an empty bottle of whiskey. There was blood under
Steve’s nose. On the ground, there were three empty bags. "Oh fuck...,"
Bret says. He runs over to Steve and slaps him in the face, hard. "Wake
up fuckhead!" Bret yells at him. Bret slaps him again. Steve continues
to twitch but otherwise doesn’t respond to Bret. "You fucking dipshit!"
Bret screams at him. "Goddamnit!" Bret yells as he quickly runs out of
the room.

Erik stands there, eyes wide. He looks out the doorway as he sees Bret
run to his room. "What do we do?" Erik yells out. Erik turns back and
stares at Steve. Erik’s frozen. "What do I do?" Erik says to himself.
Erik looks around a room for a phone and sees it on Steve’s desk. Erik
rushes to the phone just as Bret runs back into the room with a small
black case. Erik picks up the handset.

"Stop!," Bret yells at him.

"I’m calling 911!"

Bret rushes over to Erik. Bret takes the receiver out of his hand and
puts it back down on the phone base.

"Don’t," Bret says to him. "I need your help."

"He needs a doctor!" Erik says scared.

"If he goes to the emergency room, he’ll tell them where he got his shit
and I’m fucked."

Erik looked at Bret and eyed him suspiciously. "What a selfish fuck,"
Erik thinks.

"He needs a doctor Bret," Erik says.

"Just grab him and help me," Bret says. Bret walks over to Steve and
picks him up by his arms. Bret slings one arm over his shoulders. "Grab
him!"

Erik stares at the two of them trying to think of what to do. Finally,
he decides to follow Bret’s lead and grabs Steve’s other arm.

The two struggled as they drag Steve out of the room. Steve was larger
than the 2 of them, but they managed to drag his limp body across the
floor. On the way out of the room, Bret picks up the small black bag.
"Where are we going?" Erik asks.

"The shower," Bret says. "We need to wake him up." Erik and Bret drag
Steve into the bathroom and set him down in the shower. Bret sets down
the bag and takes off Steve’s shirt. Then, Bret turns on the water to
the coldest it will go and sprays it on Steve while slapping him. Steve
doesn’t wake up.

After a minute, Bret turns off the water and lays Steve flat on the
floor. Bret takes a pulse. "Fuck!," he yells. Bret straddles Steve and
starts chest compressions. He looks at Erik. "You see what I’m doing!"
Bret yells at Erik.

"Yeah," Erik says.

"I need you to do this to him while I give him a shot and feed him air,"
Bret says.

"I don’t know if I can do that," Erik says.

"You want to do mouth-to-mouth on him?" Bret asks still pumping on
Steve’s chest.

"No," Erik says.

"Then get over here!" Bret yells. Bret climbs off of Steve and Erik gets
on top of him. Erik mimics what he saw Bret do.

"Harder!," Bret yells as he opens the black bag. Erik pumps on his chest
harder.

"I feel like I’m going to crack his ribs," Erik says.

"You might," Bret says. "But you’ll keep him alive." Bret pulls out a
syringe from the bag. Erik’s eyes go wide.

"What the hell are you going to do with that?" Erik asks.

"I’m going to stick this in his vein," Bret says pulling a vial of
liquid from the bag. Erik is pumping on Steve’s chest watching Bret
insert the needle into the vial and fill it with liquid.

"Oh god," Erik said. "I can’t... I can’t watch this..."

"Then turn your fucking head," Bret says as he puts the base of the
syringe in his mouth sideways. Bret pulls out a rubber tube from the bag
and ties it around Steve’s arm. Erik watches Bret as he slaps Steve’s
arm looking for a vein. Erik is feeling light-headed, so he looks the
other way, still pumping on Steve’s chest. Bret takes the syringe and
sticks the needle into Steve’s arm. "There we go," Bret says as he
injects the liquid into Steve’s vein. Erik looks over and sees the
needle in the vein. A sudden dizzy spell comes over Erik and nothing but
white washes over his vision. On his next chest pump, his arms collapse
underneath him and falls forward onto Steve.

"Oh, whatever the living fuck," Bret says disgusted. He pulls up Erik by
his shoulder and slaps him across the face.

"Ow!," Erik said. "What happened?"

"Good," Bret said. "You’re awake. Not get the fuck off of him." Erik was
disoriented but understood the command. Erik got off of Steve as Bret
checked Steve’s pulse. "It’s getting stronger," Bret said. Bret put his
ear to Steve’s mouth. "He’s breathing," Bret reported.

"Oh thank god," Erik said relieved.

"It’s not over yet," Bret said reaching back in his black bag. Bret
pulls out a long firm, yet slightly flexible tube that has a push bulb
on the end of it. "Help me sit him up," Bret says. Erik and Bret pull
Steve back into the shower and sit him up against the wall of the
shower. Bret leaned back Steve’s head and then forced the tube down his
throat. The whole tube went down, and the only thing exposed at the end
was a funnel-like bulb. The bulb had an opening for liquid.

Once more, Bret went into the bag and pulled out another liquid. "What’s
that?" Erik asked.

"Ipecac," Bret says pouring it into the bulb and squeezing it down the
tube. Erik watched in horror.

"What is that going to do?" Erik asked, scared of what was going to
happen next.

"It’s going to make him puke up everything," Bret said. After the liquid
went down, Bret turned the water on in the shower and opened up the bulb
so to capture the water inside. Bret squeezed the water down the tube.
Bret did this several times.

By this time, Steve’s breathing was picking up, and he was struggling
for air with the tube in his mouth. Bret pulled the tube out and threw
it on the floor. Bret began smacking Steve in the face. Steve still
wasn’t responding, so Bret stood up and put the cold water on him. After
10 seconds, Steve began to shiver. Bret turned the water off completely.
Bret crouched down again and smacked Steve again.

"Open your eyes!" Bret yelled. "Wake up! C’mon, wake up! Open your
fucking eyes! Wake up!" Bret yelled it repeatedly over and over again as
he smacked Steve. Bret used his thumb to push Steve’s eyebrow to open
Steve’s eyes. Steve’s eyes were blinded by the ceiling light, and his
eyes squinted slightly to close it again. Bret released his grip on
Steve’s head as Steve was starting to respond to Bret. Steve’s breathing
became heavier, and his eye muscles were straining to open and close.
Steve was shivering more and more. Finally, Steve opened his eyes with a
tired, sick look.

Bret moved to Steve’s side out of Steve’s line of vision. "Hey!," Bret
screamed. "Hey, fuckhead! Hey! Asshole, look at me! Move your fucking
eyes! Look at me!" After screaming several commands over and over again,
Steve finally moved his eyes to Bret. "You dumb mother fucker! Why did
you do this!?! What the fuck is wrong with you!?! You fucking know
better than to do this shit! You are fucking cutoff! You hear me? No
more asshole!"

The life was coming back to Steve. Steve was making more muscle
movements with his head, neck, and shoulders. Steve was still shivering,
but it looked like he was back. Steve started to heave like he was about
to puke. "I hope you fucking enjoy this asshole!" Bret continued to
scream. Bret looked at Erik. "Help me with him."

Bret and Erik grabbed Steve and turned him over. Bret stuffed Steve’s
knees underneath him as if he were kneeling in the shower. Bret and Erik
held Steve’s shoulders on each side as Steve continued to heave. After
another 2 minutes, Steve began throwing up into the shower. Wave after
wave of puke came out. With it came crushed up pill fragments that were
partially dissolved. "And you fucking chewed them up too!?!," Bret
screamed again. "You fucking junkie fuck!" Steve kept puking and puking.
The smell of puke, along with the food that Steve had over the past
several hours, mixed in with the strong smell of alcohol, was
overwhelming.

Erik let go of Steve and ran to the sink. Erik threw up once in the sink
and started to heave as if he would throw up again. Erik coughed and ran
the water to wash down everything. Then, he rinsed out his mouth and
splashed cold water on his face. "You alright Erik?" Bret called out.

"Yeah," Erik called back. "It was just... too much..."

Steve’s strength was coming back. Steve’s right shoulder and arm that
were being held up by Erik now had enough strength to hold up Steve’s
weight on its own. Steve continued to throw up in the shower until there
was nothing left. Now, he was dry heaving. The shower was covered in
Steve’s puke. The tiled floor could barely be identified below all of
the disgusting half-digested food and pill fragments. Bret could feel
that Steve’s strength was back, so he let Steve support his own weight
as Bret stood up.

Bret turned the shower on, and Steve’s puke started to wash down the
drain. Much of it was too thick and large to wash down, so it gathered
at the middle of the shower, on top of the drain, and piled there,
plugging the water from going down. "You can clean this shit up later
asshole," Bret said. Steve watched as the puke was running down the
drain or collecting in the center. Erik walked back and watched it too.

"That’s fucking disgusting," Erik finally said.

"Yeah," Bret said. Just then, Steve’s hands lunged forward to some pill
fragments that settled at the top. Steve grabbed at them and put them in
his mouth.

"Oh fuck you!" Bret yelled, winding up and kicking Steve hard in the
stomach. The pills along with some puke and spit shot out of Steve’s
mouth in a sudden burst of air caused by Bret’s kick. Steve was gasping,
as the kick knocked the air out of him. Bret pulled on Steve’s
shoulders, picking Steve up to his feet and then slammed him into the
wall adjacent to the showers. Bret held Steve there with both of his
hands on Steve’s throat.

"You are not fucking doing this with my shit!" Bret screamed directly
into Steve’s face. "Do you understand me!?!"

Steve nodded slightly. "Grab his arm!" Bret yelled at Erik. Bret moved
to Steve’s left arm, and Erik moved to Steve’s right arm. Together, they
moved Steve back to his room. This time, Steve was able to walk on his
own, so they didn’t need to drag him.

They put Steve on the floor of Steve’s room with Steve’s back to the
ground. Bret pulled off Steve’s socks and shoes. Then, Bret said, "I’ll
be right back. Watch him. If he moves, punch him in the face." Bret
left, and Erik watched as Steve was breathing heavy on the ground. Steve
looked tired and sick. Erik felt sorry for him but was mad at the same
time.

This was the first calm moment that Erik had since they barged into
Steve’s room. Erik continued to watch Steve, who now brought his own
hands to his head and covered his face. Erik could see that Steve was
starting to cry. Erik didn’t know what to think. The last 30 minutes
went by so fast that he didn’t have time to think. Erik just reacted to
Bret’s commands and that was it. Now, Erik was seeing the aftermath of
the actions and feeling just as conflicted as when they started.

Bret returned with the black bag, two water bottles, and a trash bag.
Bret set them down and closed the door behind them. Bret opened the
black bag and took out a pair of scissors. Bret then moved down to the
bottom of Steve’s pants leg and began to cut off his pants. Bret cut
through the entire right pant leg from bottom to top. Bret then moved to
the other side and cut that off. Bret removed the pants and threw them
in the trash bag. Then, Bret cut off Steve’s boxers and threw them into
the trash bag.

Steve was lying on his back in the middle of the room: cold, wet, and
naked. Erik looked at Steve as Steve still shivered while holding his
head in his hands. Steve was hairy, all over. It didn’t look like Steve
ever groomed himself on any other part of his body. Steve’s dick was
small. The cold water took it’s toll on its appearance, having shriveled
up to the size of a grape sticking out of what looked like a hairy ball
of moss.

Bret found a towel hanging in Steve’s closet. Bret padded Steve down.
"Help me get ’em into the bed," Bret said to Erik. They picked up Steve
again by his arms, removing Steve’s hand from his face, revealing
Steve’s face wet with tears. They placed him face down on the bed.
Steve’s face moved to the side facing the wall. Bret grabbed the towel
again and padded Steve down. Then, they turned Steve over so that he was
face up and covered him with the sheet. After putting Steve back in his
bed, Bret searched Steve’s room.

"What are you doing?" Erik asked as Bret was looking under the bed.

"Looking for more shit this fuckhead might use to off himself," Bret
said. Bret found some empty bottles of alcohol. He grabbed them and
threw them in the trash bag. Erik stood there watching Bret search. Bret
walked to the closet and found some over the counter medicine. Bret
grabbed all of it and threw it into the bag. Then, he found several
empty prescription bottles. Bret put them in his pocket and kept on
looking.

The search turned up nothing else. Bret put down the trash bag and
opened the black bag. Inside, he took out a small, white plastic bottle.
Bret opened the bottle and set it down. Then, he opened the water bottle
and poured out half of it into the trash bag. After that, Bret held the
water bottle over the plastic bag as he began to empty the contents of
the white bottle into the water bottle. A black powdery substance flowed
out into the water. Bret closed the water bottle, put the cap on it and
shook it to mix the water and the powder.

"What is that stuff?" Erik asked.

"Activated charcoal," Bret said.

"You’re poisoning him with charcoal?" Erik said shocked.

"No," Bret said. "This should absorb any of the other shit he took and
he’ll either shit or puke this stuff out." Bret walked over to the bed.
"Sit up."

Steve sat up slightly and Bret handed him the water bottle. Steve took
the water bottle and drank. The look on his face soured and he spits it
back out into the water bottle.

"Drink it asshole," Bret commanded. Steve lifted it back up to his mouth
and began drinking. Then he stopped to hand it back to Bret. "All of
it." Steve lifted it back up and drank the contents. Then, Bret gave
Steve the regular water bottle to wash the taste from his mouth.

Steve laid back down. Bret stood up and turned to Erik. "Can you sit
here with him for a few minutes?" Bret asked. "I’m going to clean that
fucking shower so that no one asks any questions."

"Yeah," Erik said. Bret exited the room with his black bag and trash
bag. Erik watched Steve. Steve didn’t move, but Erik could hear him
breathing heavily. Erik started to look around the room.

Steve’s room was plain with only a single sports poster of the
University team logo was hanging up on the wall. Otherwise, Steve had a
TV, a computer, and that was it. There were clothes all over the room,
as if Steve never straightened up or cleaned. The wastebasket over
flowed with tissue. "Maybe he’s been sick," Erik thought. Erik’s eyes
scanned by the bed, and there was a white sock laying down on the floor
that had a yellow crusty look by the toes portion of it. Under the sock
was a stack of porno magazines.

"That’s fucking sick," Erik thought. "At least hide your jerkoff sock."
Erik looked back over at the tissue overflowing in the wastebasket.
"He’s not sick; he’s just dirtier than I am." The desk had a layer of
dust on it that he could see from the sun coming in through the window
reflecting on the desk. "Yeah, he’s definitely dirtier than me."

After several minutes of waiting, Bret came back. "Shower’s clean," Bret
said. Bret looked at Steve and shook his head. "Has he moved much?"

"No," Erik said. "He’s just breathing heavy."

"Alright," Bret said looking back at Erik. "Thanks."

"Yeah," Erik said. "What do you want to do now?"

"I need to watch this fucker for the next few hours to make sure nothing
bad happens," Bret said. "He’s going to feel like shit for the next few
days. But, he’s fucking cutoff. After tomorrow, me and him are fucking
done."

"OK," Erik said feeling strange about all of this.

"I’ll watch him," Bret said. "Go."

"Where?" Erik said.

"Somewhere else," Bret said. "You don’t need to be here."

"Alright," Erik said. "You want something to eat?"

"No," Bret said. "I’m good. Thanks."

"OK," Erik said. "I’ll see you later."

Bret took a seat and pulled out his phone. Erik walked out of the room
and closed the door.
