Chapter 24
==========

<br />

Erik had a strange morning. After he showered and ate, he didn’t know
what to do. Usually, on Saturdays, he could hang out with Bret and
Steve, but that didn’t seem to be an option for him today. Still, he
thought he should go by and see how things were going with Steve. After
Erik ate dinner, he grabbed a couple of cans of soda and a bag of chips
and walked over to Steve’s room. Erik knocked on the door.

Bret opened the door slightly and stuck his head out. "What’s up?" Bret
asked quickly.

"How’s everything going," Erik asked.

"Fucker’s sleeping now," Bret said. "What do you need?"

Erik held up the contents in his hands. "I brought some junk food," Erik
said. "I thought it would be easier if you had someone to help you."
Bret smiled, then stepped outside of the room with Erik, shutting the
door behind him.

"Thanks," Bret said. "But, seriously man, what the fuck are you doing
here?"

"I thought that you could use some company," Erik said.

"Do you hate pussy or something?" Bret asked. "Did that porn chick turn
you gay? Why are you trying not to get laid?" Bret asked.

"What?"

"Look, I won’t forget what you did for me this morning. I won’t. You’re
a good friend Erik. But seriously man, you think babysitting this tubby
fuck is fun? This isn’t a game. This fucker could have died today, and
that shit would’ve been on me and you."

"What do you mean?"

"Think about it," Bret said. "Young college athlete, some kid gives him
money to buy them drugs from a dealer. Athlete OD’s and dies... Who’s
responsible? The guy that paid for the drugs and the guy that sold him
the drugs. You and I go to jail, and we have no chance at a future."

"But that’s not what happened," Erik said.

"It doesn’t matter what happened," Bret responded. "It only matters what
people think happened. And a fucking small town drug dealer and another
kid from some bum-fuck suburb are going to get fucked badly to set an
example."

Erik suddenly became ridden with anxiety. He hadn’t thought about it
this way the entire morning. Erik’s posture shifted as if someone had
just told him that they shot his dog.

"I’m not trying to be a dick," Bret said. "I’m just... That fucking
asshole..." Bret looked toward the door for a second and then looked
back at Erik. "What the fuck are you doing here anyway? I thought you
were going to ask out Jessica again?"

Erik was caught off guard by this. "Well I... I just... Because what
happened this morning... I thought... Well, I was just..."

"Trying to avoid a girl who wants to suck your dick?" Bret asked.

"She does?"

"Dude," Bret said. "You’re killing me. I don’t know what pisses me off
more: that asshole jock in their or your dumbass." Erik’s looked
changed. "She likes you. Just make a move, and she won’t say no."

"Really?" Erik said. Bret nodded. "So, what do I do?"

"Try to kiss her," Bret said. "And then try something else. She’ll stop
you if you go too far."

"But what do I say? Like, how do I... When she... Like, I can't just
rush in and kiss her. Isn’t she going to be upset with me if I do
something she doesn’t like?"

"I know you don’t have a fucking clue what girls want," Bret said.
"Seeing as that you bareback porn stars and give them facials and
shit... Just don’t try to do anything like that and you’ll be fine."

"So, no sex."

"Yes, sex. No porn sex."

"Whoa, really?" Erik said surprised.

"What, you can’t get it up with a regular girl or something?" Bret
asked. "Is it like something you have to take a little blue pill for?
I’m sorry man; I didn’t know you had cock trouble." Bret cracked a
smile.

"No," Erik said. "Dick. It’s just... So she will, like, have sex with
me? All I have to do is, basically ask her?"

"NO!," Bret said sternly. "NO! Do not ask her to have sex with you.
Christ. Don’t you ever ask a girl that. That’s a god-damn guaranteed way
not to get laid." Bret calmed his tone. "So you sat with her to watch a
movie, big fucking deal. But that’s the start of everything else.
Everything needs to look like it’s happening naturally. You need to make
them feel like they don’t want to do anything else, but fuck you, and
you’re just going with the flow. But, you have to start it, so they
don’t feel guilty about it. Like it was their fucking idea, to take your
dick, balls deep into their mouth because you stuck a finger in her
pussy, and just keep going until, well I dunno, something else
happens... And then you’re fucking them, and they’re fucking you, and
everyone is happy." Bret smiles a big toothy smile and gives Erik two
thumbs up.

Erik looks at Bret awkwardly, trying to process everything Bret just
said. "Just text her," Bret continues. "See what she’s doing right now.
Ask her over to watch a movie and chill, and do that. Watch a movie,
with a cute girl, that likes you, and chill... the fuck... out..."

"OK," Erik said. "I’ll go do it." Erik turns to leave.

"Wait," Bret says. Erik stops. Bret takes the soda and chips. "I need
these more than you do right now. Thanks for the help. Now, stop talking
to me and go get laid."

Erik walked back to his room. He took out his cell phone and opened the
texting app. He texted Jessica, "Hey, do you want to watch a movie
tonight?" Erik paced the room waiting for a response. Nothing. After a
few minutes, he sat down and held his head in his hands, still waiting
for a response. Still nothing. Erik decided that his room should look
"cleaner," so he dumped his wastebasket in the hallway trash can, wiped
off any dust on his desk, and picked up anything that was lying around
the room. All the while, he was continually checking his cellphone.

Erik's mind wandered back to earlier this morning when Erik and Bret
worked to save Steve. Erik remembered that the whole thing started when
Steve burst into Erik's room. "I could have sworn I locked the door,"
Erik thought. Erik looked at the door latches. He closed the door, and
it latched correctly. Then, he strong-armed the knob and pulled it
quickly. The door opened. "Wow," Erik said. "That's great."

Erik looked at the strike plate on the wall. He watched as the door
closed, and he could see that the latch would catch on the strike plate,
but wouldn't insert fully into the hole. The latch would just stick, but
a small amount of pressure would force it past the strike plate.

Erik took out his toolkit and unscrewed the strike plate slightly. Then
he forced the strike plate in towards the room so that the latch would
have more room to insert into the strike plate hole. Then, Erik closed
the door and tested it. The door latch could now fully insert into the
hole, securing the door when it was locked.

After this quick distraction, Erik continued to keep checking his phone
every 10 seconds. He checked the phone while taking out the garbage, he
checked the phone while making his bed, and even checked the phone while
he was urinating in the bathroom. Finally, Erik sat in his room and just
stared at the phone. An hour had gone by, and he was beginning to lose
hope.

"Fuck this," Erik said. Erik turned on his console and started GAB. He
saw a notification that "HeadCase is online." Normally, Erik would send
a message to one of his "Prodigy" teammates and start playing with them,
but since he has kicked off the team, Erik didn’t want to talk to them.
Erik started up a game on his own and then received a message from Case
asking him to join his chat party. Erik put on his headset and entered
the room.

"Hey K," Case said.

"Hey," Erik responded.

"How have you been?" Case asked.

"I’m good," Erik said. "Just keeping busy with school and all."

"That’s cool," Case said. "You playing on another GAB team?"

"No," Erik said. "I haven’t played much. I haven’t had much time. How’s
everyone been doing?"

"I’m not sure," Case said. "Roge kicked me off the team when my scores
kept dropping. I twisted my wrist real bad, and I just couldn’t keep up.
I had to miss practices and tournaments so, Drags had a friend that just
got GAB and Roge recruited him. It was messed up, cause I saw it coming.
One day, he introduces this guy called Kingslayer and says he was going
to sit in on practices. And a week later, Roge tells me not to show up
for the Sunday tournament, because King is taking my place."

"Whoa, that sucks," Erik said surprised. "What’s up with Rats?"

"I still talk to Rat now and then," Case continued. "But, him and Roge
are fighting now. I guess Drags and King know this other player named
Ghost who is going to sit in on the next practice. It’s like Roge is
trying to change up the whole team."

"Damn," Erik said. Erik felt comforted that he wasn’t the only one
targeted by the old man, but it made him angry that Roge turned his back
on all his "teammates."

"Yeah," Case said. "Nothing I can do about it now. Anyway, if you’re
ever online and you want to play, drop me an invite. Hit up Rat too.
He’s been asking about you. Maybe the three of us can form something up
just for fun. You know, like it was before Roge tried to make it all
serious."

"That sounds good man," Erik said. "That would be a lot of fun."

"Cool," Case said. "I gotta head out now. Keep in touch K."

"Will do," Erik said. "See you around." Case left the chat and signed
off the network. Erik kept playing GAB on his own. GAB now felt more
comforting to play than when he started 30 minutes ago. It felt like a
game again, not a job or a contest.

After every round, Erik checked his phone. After three straight games,
he pulled out of a game lobby and decided he was too frustrated to play
video games. So, Erik walked over to his computer, opened his porn
folder, and began masturbating. After three straight orgasms, he pulled
his shorts back on and walked to the bathroom to wash his hands.

When Erik came back to his room, he sat down in front of the TV and
picked up the controller to play another game. Erik leaned back to get
more comfortable and then quickly checked his phone again before the
next game started. There was a new text message. Erik sat up quickly and
dropped the controller. Jessica responded and said she could be there in
about 20 minutes. It was almost 9 PM now. "YES!," Erik yelled. Erik
responded, "see you then."

Erik shutdown his video game console and did a once over to make sure
the room still looked good. "OK," Erik thought. "What do I need? I’ve
got water, soda, popcorn... But then what? Do I just put a condom on the
bed? Oh shit! Condoms! Fuck... Where did I get condoms bef... Lara...
Lara had the condoms. Shit! Shit! Where am I going to get condoms?" Erik
remembered the convenience store across the street was open until 9 PM.
"I can make it," Erik thought. Erik ran out of the room and flew down
the steps of the dorm. He shot out the front door as fast as he could
and ran across the street. Erik was sweating and panting when he finally
made it to the front door of the convenience store with 5 minutes to
spare.

Erik walked in and quickly went to the medicine aisle. As Erik walked
toward the aisle, it suddenly hit him that he had no idea what he was
doing. Erik had never bought condoms before, so he didn’t know what size
or type to get. As Erik walked down the aisle looking for condoms, he
noticed there was a sign that said "Condoms available at the counter."
"Fuck!," Erik thought. "Now I have to talk to the fucking clerk about
what kind I need? Jesus..."

Erik walked back to the counter. The female clerk looked up from her
phone. She looked to be in her early twenty’s with a metaphorical "Fuck
you" sign on her face. Her cold look made Erik even more uncomfortable,
but Erik was determined to get what he came for. The potential for sex
with Jessica was too great of an opportunity to pass up. "Hi," Erik said
to the clerk.

"Yeah?" the clerk said in a cold voice as if Erik was bothering her.

"I, umm, need to buy some condoms?" Erik said in a soft voice, in a tone
that sounded like a question instead of a statement. He could feel his
face turning red.

"What kind?" the girl said matter of factly, not changing her look or
posture.

"I don’t know," Erik said. "Umm... Is there like a popular kind that
everyone gets?"

The girl stared at him, completely deadpan. Erik could feel his eyes
widening. He was getting more uncomfortable by the second.

"They’re condoms," the girl responded. "They’re like cigarettes. It’s
your choice."

"Umm... OK," Erik said. "What kind do you have?"

"All kinds," the girl responded not budging.

"Uh... Alright. Is there one you would recommend?"

The girl paused again staring a hole through Erik. Her facial
expressions did not change.

"Are you asking me what condoms I use?" she finally responded.

"I... Umm... I was..."

"Do you think I’m a fucking tranny or something?" The girl’s tone began
to change, and she sounded angry. "Is this some fucking joke?"

"No! I need..."

"You need to get the fuck out of here!" She started to look back down at
her phone. "Fucking kids."

"But, I need some con..."

"WHAT KIND?" She screamed out as she looked up from her phone.

"I don’t know."

"You little piece of...," the girl started to say. She reached down and
pulled out a small box and slammed it on the table. "There, extra small.
That’s what I recommend for you." She mocked Erik.

"I... Um... think I need something bigger," Erik said.

"Oooooooooh! So you’ve got a huge dick huh? Well then, excuse me, Mr.
Johnson. Here’s the extra large condoms." She slams down another box on
the counter. "You could fit a small baby in one of these."

"Um... Can I just get some... Um... like regulars?" Erik asked. He was
scared and his voice was trembling.

"WHAT KIND?"

"Just give me one of each," Erik was upset and tired of being shamed.
The girl reached under the desk and pulled out ten boxes of condoms of
different brands, sizes, and colors.

"Seventy-five dollars," she said coldly.

"What?" Erik asked. "For condoms?"

"We are closing," she said. "And I’m not supposed to be here tonight.
I’m supposed to be at a bar drinking my ass off. So, buy them or get the
fuck out long dong." Erik pulled out his credit card, and she ran it.
Then, she pulled a plastic bag from under the counter and started
bagging up the boxes. There was a box of candy that was on the counter,
and the girl picked that up as well and put it in the bag. Erik was
about to tell her that it wasn’t his, but he just wanted to get out of
there as soon as possible.

The clerk handed Erik his card back and moved the bag across the counter
toward Erik. "Thank you! Come again!" she said with a condescending,
forced, cheesy smile before looking back down at her phone. Erik quickly
grabbed the bag and ran out of the convenience store. Erik checked the
time on his phone and realized he was going to be late getting back to
his room. Erik sprinted across the street and back into the dorms. Erik
took the elevator up and ran out toward the hallway. As soon as he
turned the corner, he noticed that Jessica was there. She noticed him
down the hall and watched him as he approached. Erik stopped running and
walked to his door.

Erik was gasping for air from the run, and now that he slowed down, he
was trying to calm his breathing. Jessica raised her eyebrow and as she
watched Erik walk toward him. "Are you alright?" Jessica asked.

"Wha... Ah... Yeah...," Erik said through gasps of air. "I just...
needed to... Um... Run out... and get some... thing... real quick..."

"What did you need?" Jessica asked.

Erik paused for a second, trying to think of a response, as he continued
panting. "I... um... Yeah...," he stuttered out of his mouth. Erik
remembered the candy box. "Candy!," Erik exclaimed. "I wanted some...
candy... for the movie."

"O... K...," Jessica said slowly. "Do you want to go inside?" Erik’s
eyes went wide, and a slight smirk appeared on his face. Erik’s mind
went blank, as the phrase immediately made Erik think of sex with
Jessica. He froze as he fought with his mind to retake control of his
body, but the fantasy was taking over right here and now. They were both
naked, and Erik had Jessica bent over his bed as he eased his cock
inside her, Erik began to giggle and nod yes. Jessica stared at him,
waiting for a response. Finally, Erik snapped back to reality as he
blinked, shaking off the daydream and returning to the present.

"Yes," Erik said. "I do." He continued nodding over and over again,
still frozen in place.

"Do you want to open the door?" Jessica said to Erik. This finally
returned Erik to "here and now."

"Yes!," Erik said. "I need to open the door." Erik walked forward and
put his hand on the doorknob. He attempted to turn it as he continued
walking forward. The door was locked, so Erik walked face first into the
door. The impact of the door against his forehead bounced him backward
with a loud "thump."

His left hand with the bag went to his head; his right hand went to his
pocket which pulled out his key for the door. Erik unlocked the door and
walked inside. Jessica entered the room behind Erik. As she walked in,
Erik’s left hand moved down from his head, and he put the bag down on
his desk. Once he was no longer holding the bag, he finally noticed the
sweat that had beaded all over him.

"Oh fuck," Erik thought. "I probably smell like shit. I’m fucking wet
with sweat." Erik looked at Jessica and noticed she was wearing a tight
dark blue shirt with tight white shorts. She looked amazing.

"Hey," Erik said. "I need to change real quick. I’ll be right back."
Erik grabbed a plain black t-shirt, his pair of cargo khaki shorts, some
boxers, a new pair of socks, and a checkered navy blue and red shirt.
Then, he walked to the bathroom. Erik undressed as quickly as he could
and washed his face in the sink. He used the old shirt to pat his body
dry but still felt hot and sweaty. He turned on the shower to cold and
jumped in. He instantly went from hot to cold and let out a high pitched
yelp as the water moved over his body. "I’ve got to hurry," he thought.
He washed off all the sweat the best he could in 5 seconds and then
walked out of the shower shivering. Again, he patted himself dry with
the old white t-shirt and the shorts he was wearing when he walked in.
Then, he dressed and left the bathroom.

Erik rushed back to his room. Erik noticed that Jessica was sitting on
the chair in the middle of the room. She had the box of candy from the
convenience store in her hand, and she was eating some of it.

"I opened the candy," Jessica said. "I hope you don’t mind." She smiled
at him.

Jessica’s smile calmed Erik, and he smiled back. "No problem!" Erik
responded. As Erik walked into the closet to put his dirty clothes in
his laundry bag, he remembered the candy was in the condoms bag. Erik
froze again.

"Oh no," Erik thought. "She had to see all those condoms in there. She
probably thinks I’m going to like, kidnap her, and use her as some sex
slave for the next six weeks. Fuck! Goddamnit!"

"I love these," Jessica said. "How did you know?"

"Wait," Erik thought. "Maybe she didn’t see the condoms. Maybe the candy
was sitting right on top. She’s still here. She didn’t run out of the
room or anything." Erik finished pushing the clothes into the laundry
bag and then walked toward Jessica, staring over at the bag, trying to
see if anything was sticking out.

"I didn’t actually," Erik said. "Lucky guess?"

"Cool," Jessica said. "So, what do you want to watch?"

"Um, I don’t know," Erik responded. "What would you like to watch?"

"I think it’s your pick this time."

"OK," Erik thought. "What can I put on to get her in the mood without
being too obvious? There’s that movie that’s supposed to be all BDSM
shit. Women seemed to like the book that it’s based on. Is that too
obvious? Yeah, probably not a good idea." "There’s that new musical that
keeps getting awards," Erik said. "You want to watch that?"

"Sounds good," Jessica said.

Erik found the movie and turned it on. Erik unfolded the foam flip
couch, and they sat down. Jessica curled up to him right away and handed
him the candy. Erik tried one. Then, Erik stayed vigilant, looking for
his opening. He could feel Jessica squirm next to him. This triggered
Erik’s memory from the last time and he moved up his arm. Jessica took
the opportunity to move underneath Erik’s arm and next to the side of
his chest. Erik then put his arm around her, and she adjusted her
position so that they’re heads were near the same level.

The movie hadn’t even reached the point of the title screen. Erik felt a
tension, like the two of them, were both just waiting for the other to
make the first move. "What do I do now?" Erik thought. Erik turned his
head. Feeling him move, Jessica did the same, and the two looked into
each other’s eyes. "You can do it!" Erik said jokingly to himself,
trying to disarm his anxiety with humor. "Just go for it. She’ll say no
if she doesn’t want to."

Erik leaned in to kiss her. Jessica followed Erik’s lead and did the
same. Erik was hit with a wave of relief, followed by an overwhelming
feeling of joy. Jessica and Erik kissed passionately and then broke the
kiss as the two touched their foreheads together, smiling. Erik leaned
in again, and Jessica did the same.

Erik and Jessica made out on the couch as the movie played on. Soon,
Erik’s feelings of relief and joy were overcome with a new emotion of
lust. All of Erik’s restraints had been thrown away, and now he was
ready to take control of what he wanted. His kisses became deeper and
more aggressive, and Jessica’s did too. Erik wasn’t sure if she was just
following him or if she wanted this as much as he did. Erik didn’t care;
he just kept going.

Erik’s hand went straight to Jessica’s shirt and lifted it just above
the top of Jessica’s bust. Erik ripped down one cup of Jessica’s bra and
grabbed her bare breast. Their two bodies were grinding on each other,
and Jessica’s breathing became heavier. Erik broke their kiss and then
moved his mouth down to Jessica’s breast. Erik began sucking on her
nipple. One of Jessica’s hands was running through Erik’s hair, holding
his head in place, as the other trailed down his back.

Erik licked and sucked on Jessica’s nipple as Jessica’s hand moved
further down his back. She found the end of his shirt and ripped it
upward. Erik stopped and sat up to rip his shirt off over his head.
Jessica did the same and unhooked her bra. Erik’s eyes filled with
burning desire at the sight of Jessica topless, on his couch. He charged
back on her and the two made out again. He grabbed her tits and
squeezed. Jessica let out a slight gasp, and Erik moved his head down
the side of her neck, kissing and sucking.

Jessica’s hands went to Erik’s back and scratched him.

"Ow!," Erik said to himself. The scratch stunned him, but he continued
going, moving his hand down to Jessica’s belly and between her legs.
Jessica’s hips gyrated against Erik’s hand. Erik applied pressure
between her legs, and Jessica kept grinding into him. Jessica’s hands
went to Erik’s shorts and grabbed at his bulging cock. At the sensation
of Jessica’s touch, Erik let out a small gasp, and Jessica turned her
head to kiss him. The two carried on, sensually rubbing each other.

Jessica’s hand broke her grip on Erik’s cock through his shorts and
started to slide down through the top of his shorts. Erik took this as
his opening to do the same. Erik slid his hand down Jessica’s shorts and
could feel Jessica’s hot, wet pussy waiting for him. Erik’s fingers
pressed firmly over the top as his middle finger probed slightly inside.
This was driving Jessica crazy. She kept trying to find Erik’s cock in
his shorts, but it kept being covered by his boxers.

Then she broke through and grabbed on tightly, jerking him off as he
fingered her. The two continued to make out aggressively, breathing
deeply and frantically trying to keep the grip on the other. Finally,
Erik’s aggression took over again. He withdrew his hands and with both
hands, started to unbutton Jessica’s shorts. Jessica did the same to
Erik and they both ripped off their clothes. They continued to make out
with uninhibited access to the other.

Jessica became uncomfortable with the position and swung her leg over
Erik, so that she straddled him while they faced each other. Erik kept
fingering her as Jessica’s wet pussy grinded over Erik’s hard cock. This
drove Erik insane. Eventually, Erik withdrew his hand, putting his hands
on her hips as Jessica continued to grind on top of him. Jessica’s hair
dangled over Erik’s face, and he loved the sensation of it lightly
touching him.

Jessica’s eyes closed slightly, and her grinding movement slowed. Erik
moved her hair and pulled Jessica down to kiss him. They kissed
passionately, and Jessica continued her slow grind. Erik’s cock would
pulse and stand up, and Jessica would maneuver around it, teasing Erik.
Jessica opened her eyes and looked at Erik seductively as she slowly
bounced up and down.

Erik realized where this was going. Except, the condoms were in a bag on
the desk, far out of his reach. He didn’t want Jessica to stop, but he
knew what was going to happen next and he had to get to that bag.
Finally, after frantic thoughts about what to do, Erik moved Jessica’s
hair and kissed her. As he did this, he moved up and lifted her slightly
so that he could rest her back down on the couch with him over her.

Then, he got up and rushed to the bag. He was completely naked, except
for his socks. He ripped open one of the boxes and fumbled with the
condom packaging. Jessica glanced over at the TV and watched the movie
that Erik turned on before they started. Erik was trying to tear open
the condom, but his hands were too slick. Then, he tried to tear it with
his teeth, which opened it but he noticed that he took a bite out of the
condom.

Erik could taste the lubricant in his mouth and frantically licked at
his shoulder. Erik kept scraping his tongue against his lips and mouth
trying to get the taste of the condom out. Then, he noticed that the
condom had a hole from where he bit into it. "Fuck," he thought and
threw out the condom. He went to the next one and was more gentle with
it. Jessica looked up from the couch trying to see what was taking so
long. She could see that Erik was having a difficult time with the
condom. She sensed the sexual tension start to melt away and now felt
like she needed to do something to keep this going.

"Hey look," she said. "There’s a movie on."

"Yeah, ha," Erik said trying to laugh at Jessica’s joke. Jessica’s
attempt to lighten the mood, now that things had stopped, only put more
pressure on Erik. She might as well have said, "Hey, stop messing around
and come fuck me!"

Jessica laid back down and watched the movie. Her eyes glanced around
the room and her lips curled in a "well, what do I do now?" type look.
Jessica was too turned on just to stop. She put her hand down on her
mound and started to apply pressure. Then, she closed her eyes and began
grinding on her hand.

Erik was completely oblivious to this, and he tried to roll on the
condom and realized that it was backward. "Fuck!," he thought again. He
threw the condom out, remembering High School health class where a
teacher told him that "once the penis touches the outside of the condom,
there could be sperm on it, so throw it away and use a new one."

Erik pulled out a blue condom from the box and tore it open. This time,
he put it on correctly and slid it all the way down, covering his
softening cock, which was no longer standing at attention. He walked
back over to the couch and was stunned at the site of Jessica grinding
on herself. He stood there, watching her as his cock rose quickly to
salute Jessica’s efforts, stiffening to full mast once more. After a few
moments, she felt his presence and slowly opened her eyes.

"Well?" she asked. "What are you waiting for? An invitation?" She smiled
at him.

Erik smiled back and climbed on top of her. They began kissing again,
and he used his hand to guide himself inside of her gradually. She
waited patiently as he put it in, inch-by-inch, kissing him slowly and
passionately. The two were in the missionary position and held each
other as Erik moved gently, in and out.

The break from the action allowed Erik to reset. He wasn’t worried about
cumming too quickly, so he was able to stay in the moment. They had
slow, passionate sex while they kissed and made out. She grinded deeply
into him. Erik’s mouth went down to her tits, and he played with both of
them with his hands and mouth as she continued to grind into him.

The tension came back, and both of them were feeling it. Erik didn’t
know how long he could hold out. He tried to pull back to calm himself,
but Jessica used her arms and hips to pull him back in. She wanted it,
and she wasn’t going to let him say no. Jessica’s legs straightened, and
she put her hand to his mouth.

"Lick my fingers," she said. Erik wasn’t sure why she wanted this, but
he wasn’t going to say no. He moved back up to face her, and she
inserted two fingers into his mouth. Erik licked and sucked them.
Jessica withdrew the fingers and moved her hand down.

"Move your legs out," she said, and Erik complied. Jessica moved her
hand down and rubbed her clit, furiously.

Erik’s cock was inside her as he straddled her. He continued to fuck her
as he saw her facial expressions change. Jessica was lightly moaning and
breathing heavy. She looked so incredibly sexy. Erik could feel
Jessica’s pussy clamp down on his cock, and he couldn’t hold it anymore
either. Erik fucked her fast and hard as the tension of his impending
orgasm took control over him.

Erik came hard and long as he let out a loud, deep moan. Jessica curled
upward towards him as she came with a breathless cry. Erik held her
close and sucked on her neck as the both of them twitched, continuing to
cum, and enjoying the waves of their orgasms. Then, the both of them
went limp, with Erik collapsing on top of Jessica. They were panting
heavily. After a few moments, their breathing started to return to
normal. Erik lifted himself up slightly and looked at Jessica. Jessica
opened her eyes and looked back at him. Erik smiled, and she smiled
back. They both kissed passionately, feeling satisfied... And, in
love...
